{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\info 
{\title {\comment TrackIt  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
1.0.0 \par
}}TrackIt}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2016\mo2\dy12\hr22\min14\sec35}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt TrackIt}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version 1.0.0\par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Fri Feb 12 2016 }}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
TrackIt: How to Use and Extend\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v TrackIt: How to Use and Extend}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Written by People Who Code\par}
{\i  Cindy Chen, Parth Oza, Jagan Prem, Kevin Shen } \par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0. Abstract\par}
The purpose of this document (and site) is to inform future developers for TrackIt on how to use and add functionality. TrackIt is a web app designed to be able to take HTTP GET and HTTP POST requests in order to receive package location updates. The server (written in Python) receives updates, stores package locations in a MySQL database, and calculates data such as ETA and distance remaining. It also provides a web page to the client (written in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript), which uses Google Maps to display a map that shows package positions and the path they have taken. The client also displays an expandable table that includes data about the package. It has two modes, one for a package receiver, who has to input a UUID to view a package, and one for an administrator who can view all packages without knowing the UUIDs.\par
(Detailed code documentation is on this site - the code is documented using Doxygen.)\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}1. Introduction\par}
This project is versioned using {\f2 git} .\par
The folder structure of the repository is as follows:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 \'E2\'94\'9C\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 IDT_Server\par
    2 \'E2\'94\'82   \'E2\'94\'94\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 gpx_files\par
    3 \'E2\'94\'9C\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 docs\par
    4 \'E2\'94\'9C\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 src\par
    5 \'E2\'94\'9C\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 static\par
    6 \'E2\'94\'82   \'E2\'94\'9C\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 css\par
    7 \'E2\'94\'82   \'E2\'94\'9C\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 fonts\par
    8 \'E2\'94\'82   \'E2\'94\'94\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 js\par
    9 \'E2\'94\'94\'E2\'94\'80\'E2\'94\'80 templates\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}{\f2 IDT_Server}  directory\par}
Files provided by IDT at the start of the contest and related files that were created as utilities. These include the Groovy scripts for package event simulation, the test server, and the .gpx files for sample package paths.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}{\f2 src}  directory\par}
Files for server, written by People Who Code. These include the {\b run.py} server start script and other Python scripts used internally for calculations, saving to a database, etc.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}{\f2 static}  directory\par}
Helper files for client side web app - not the HTML. This includes files such as the JQuery libraries, Bootstrap libraries, Material Design libraries, and the default glyphicons fonts for Bootstrap. It also includes our own {\b main.js} file, as well as our custom main.css file.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}{\f2 templates}  directory\par}
This is where the HTML file for the web app is stored. It is only one HTML file called {\f2 index.html} . This includes some Jinja2 syntax, so it will not work as an HTML file by itself.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Notes / Other important information\par}
The server runs by default on port 5000 at localhost. The server-side Python files use a number of dependencies, which are as follows:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 flask 0.10.1\par
    2 geopy 1.11.0\par
    3 MySQLdb 1.2.5\par
    4 dateutil 2.4.1\par
}
 There are other dependencies that are built in with a standard Python 2.7.3 installation. The server will also have to have MySQL installed. The version used here is 5.7.10.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}2. How to Set Up and Run\par}
Please see the README.md file on the sidebar to learn how to clone this project using {\f2 git}  and install MySQL and Python.\par
On the MySQL server, there should be a database called {\f2 idt} . In this database, there should be a table called {\f2 uuids}  and a table for each package that is tracked. These tables can be created using the {\f2 {\b clear_database_and_create_new()}}  function in the {\f2 {\b database_storage.py}}  file.\par
The account on the MySQL server that {\b database_storage.py} uses is called {\f2 admin}  and its password is {\f2 password1} . This should be changed for production - just change this in the {\f2 {\b database_storage.py}}  file in the corresponding location. The privileges it needs are {\f2 SELECT} , {\f2 INSERT} , {\f2 DELETE} , {\f2 CREATE} , and {\f2 DROP} . It only uses {\f2 DELETE}  and {\f2 DROP}  for the {\f2 {\b clear_database_and_create_new()}}  function, so if that is not needed, this user does not need those privileges.\par
Since the server runs on port 5000 by default, this port should be opened and forwarded if this is not already done. If it is on a production server, this should be changed to run on port 80 for HTTP.\par
To start the server, simply run {\f2 {\b run.py}}  in Python 2.7.3 or higher. To enable debugging mode, set {\f2 debug=True}  in the {\f2 app.run()}  function call at the bottom of the file.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}3. Server: Package Operations\par}
The server-side calculations take place in {\f2 {\b src/packop.py}}  and are based on use of the package class. Instances of the class store data involving the path of a single package. The class also contains methods for calculating information about the package such as ETR (Estimated Time Remaining) and distance remaining.\par
ETR calculations are somewhat processor intensive, so they are not done clientside. In order to calculate ETR, a straight line path is computed for the package to go from its current location to its destination. Then, the path is divided into segments of land and water. This path division is done by loading in a low resolution map of the world that is stored in {\f2 src/map.json} . A speed is calculated for each segment depending on its previous speeds on that surface.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}4. Server: MySQL\par}
The {\f2 {\b src/database_storage.py}}  file manages the storage and management of data in the MySQL database. It creates a new table for each package it tracks. It manages a table of {\f2 uuids}  and one table for each individual package that is added to the system. Detailed documentation is with the associated functions.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}5. Server: Flask\par}
The {\f2 {\b run.py}}  server handles communication between the clientside and the serverside. It serves the webpage and returns results that it gets from the database. It also receives data from the package events simulator or the real packages and stores that in the database. The server is built on Flask.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}6. Client: Bootstrap 3 and other CSS\par}
The clientside web app is built on Bootstrap 3 CSS. The CSS is in {\f2 static/css} . This means that the webpage is responsive - it rescales for differently sized clients. It automatically works for mobile devices. There is a custom Bootstrap theme that was written by Federico Zivolo. This is a Material Design theme based on the Material Design concept from Google. It is located at {\f2 static/css/bootstrap-material-design.min.css} . This theme has a few JavaScript files associated with it such as {\f2 {\b static/js/ripples.js}}  and {\f2 {\b static/js/material.js}} . These handle the ripples on buttons when clicked and other graphical effects associated with Material Design.\par
There are also some other CSS files associated with Bootstrap themes. {\f2 static/css/jumbotron-narrow.css}  includes the CSS for the particular Bootstrap layout we chose to use.\par
There are some JS files that are for Bootstrap also. {\f2 {\b static/js/ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js}}  and {\f2 {\b static/js/ie-emulation-modes-warning.js}}  are files provided by Bootstrap to fix weird quirks with specific versions of Internet Explorer.\par
There is also a custom CSS file ({\f2 static/css/main.css} ) that is used for simple resizing of particular elements.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}7. Client: Google Maps\par}
Google Maps is used for two purposes in this solution. The first is to display a map with package positions on it, and the second is for reverse geocoding. For both, Google Maps JavaScript API v3 is used.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}API Loading\par}
The Google Maps JavaScript API is loaded as a standard script: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 <script async defer src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=KEY&signed_in=true&callback=initMap"></script>\par
}
 The script is loaded asynchronously, so as to not impact page load times. The URL of the script includes a variable for a callback function name. This is the function that is called after the API finishes loading. In this solution, all of the JavaScript functions that run on an interval and all of the page start functions are called from this initMap function. All of these functions are documented on this site.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Map\par}
The map consists of two main parts: the actual map, and the things that are drawn on top of it.\par
The map is handled completely by the Maps API.\par
Objects of type {\f2 Polyline} , {\f2 Marker} , and {\f2 InfoWindow}  are placed on top of this map. They are managed in dictionaries with the key as the package UUID to which they belong. Detailed code documentation is on this site and in the source files.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Reverse Geocoding\par}
This is also done using the Google Maps JavaScript API v3. Here, a call is made to the Google Maps server for the coordinates (a package's current, destination, or start coordinates). The Maps server responds with a human-readable location name for the place - generally a street address or range of street addresses if that is available. On the free plan of Google Maps JS API that we have, the limit is five requests per second. This means that when multiple packages are loaded quickly (for example in admin mode), it will error out with {\f2 OVER_QUERY_LIMIT} . In this case, the function will call itself in five seconds after that query limit has definitely passed.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}8. Client: Moment.js\par}
The Moment.js library is located in {\f2 {\b static/js/moment.min.js}} . This does conversions of time. In this project, it is used to make ETA into a human-readable format. The server passes the client a time in seconds for the time that the package is expected to reach the destination (details about this calculation above). Moment.js converts this time in seconds to a readable time - for example, at 8:05 pm, if something was scheduled to reach its destination at 9:00 pm (~3,300 seconds), the value passed by the server would be 3300. Moment.js would convert this to a string that said "Today at 9:00 pm". This works even if the time is much longer - it would convert a time of 18,748,800 that was received on 2/1/2016 to "3/3/2016" for 31 days having passed. It automatically formats the string depending on how far off it is.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}9. Client: Custom JS\par}
There is custom JS written by People Who Code that does communication with the server, places packages on the map, puts entries in the table, enables admin mode, and much more. Detailed documenatation for this code is on the site.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}10. Utility Scripts and Testing\par}
There are some utility scripts that were written for this project by People Who Code. These were written in an effort to counteract some of the bugs in the provided testing software.\par
For example, {\f2 {\b IDT_Server/time_shifter.py}}  was written because when {\f2 IDT_Server/PackageEventsSimulator.groovy}  file was run with multiple {\f2 .gpx}  files for testing, it did not shift the starting times correctly by itself. {\f2 {\b time_shifter.py}}  corrected this by changing the timestamps in each individual {\f2 .gpx}  file to be 30 seconds from the time of running.\par
{\f2 {\b IDT_Server/package_events.py}}  was written for the same purpose after feedback was received from IDT about this bug. The solution was to run {\f2 PackageEventsSimulator.groovy}  with one {\f2 .gpx}  file at a time. {\f2 {\b package_events.py}}  creates multiple subprocesses that do this for each {\f2 .gpx}  file.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}11. Other Miscellaneous Points of Note\par}
{\f2 {\b src/__init__.py}}  exists so that Python recognizes {\f2 src}  as a package. This has to be done since {\f2 {\b run.py}}  is out of the {\f2 src}  directory for convenience of running, so to use the files in the {\f2 src}  folder, it has to import them from {\f2 src}  like so:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 from src import packop, database_storage\par
}
\par
Python will not allow this line unless {\f2 src}  is a recognized package - hence, {\f2 {\b __init__.py}} .\par
jQuery v2.1.4 is included ({\f2 {\b static/js/jquery.min.js}} ) for Bootstrap, Google Maps, and other JS we wrote. There is a jQuery plugin for the color picker ({\f2 {\b static/js/jquery.minicolors.min.js}} ).\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}12. Extensibility: Accessibility Features\par}
Accessibility features for users are really easy to implement for a webpage. For a start, many users who are shortsighted already use a browser zoom set to more than 100%. This means that the browsers will automatically render everything on the site bigger to help with that.\par
For users using screen readers, {\f2 aria-label}  tags can be added to certain HTML elements - as they already are for some obscure elements such as the icons for expanding table rows.\par
To increase contrast, another CSS file with inverted colors could be added and loaded only when the user wants that feature to be enabled.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}13. Extensibility: Security\par}
As of now, we have not implemented a login page for users of the solution. However, it would be fairly simple for future developers to add a login-based security system seeing as we already are using MySQL. As such, all that is necessary is a table storing the usernames and the associated hashes of their passwords, an extra username key in the package table, and a front-end login page to take input for the user information. \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
README{\tc \v README}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANP}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}What is this repository for?\par}
This repository is for Cindy Chen, Parth Oza, Jagan Prem, and Kevin Shen's 2015-2016 IDT Automated Software Testing project - automated package tracking and analysis.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}How do I get set up?\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Summary of set up\par}
Run {\f2 git clone}  using the URL on the sidebar to clone the repository.\par
We are only using the {\f2 master}  branch for release builds - as in when everything is working, we merge to master and then go back to develop for other things.\par
To switch to the {\f2 master}  branch, do {\f2 git checkout master} . Before and after every {\f2 git}  operation you do, you should do {\f2 git pull}  to prevent merge conflicts.\par
After we get basic stuff done, we will switch to using different branches for each person.\par
To add your changes to the {\f2 index} , you do {\f2 git add -A}  or {\f2 git add FILENAME}  if you just want to add a few files.\par
To commit your changes, run {\f2 git commit -m "message"} , where message is your commit message.\par
After you commit, run {\f2 git push} , which will send everything to the server.\par
Oh, and you should also probably have {\f2 groovy}  installed. That's what the IDT event simulator uses.\par
If you do not have Python 2.7.* installed, visit [{\f2 https://www.python.org/downloads/}](Python install site) and download the latest version of Python 2.7.\par
If you do not have MySQL installed, visit [{\f2 https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/}](MySQL install site) and install the correct version of MySQL for your server / system.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Configuration\par}
The code that is on here is serverside. Our server is going to be separate from the IDT server, though it may be on the same machine.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Dependencies\par}
The current dependencies are:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     1 flask 0.10.1\par
    2 geopy 1.11.0\par
    3 MySQLdb 1.2.5\par
    4 dateutil 2.4.1\par
}
\par
If you add libraries to your Python installation, add them to this list so the rest of us know what to get.\par
Generally, to install Python libraries, you just run {\f2 pip2 install LIBRARYNAME} , where {\f2 LIBRARYNAME}  is the name of the library. {\f2 pip}  may not be in your {\f2 PATH} . If this is the case, add your python2 installation to path and run {\f2 python -m pip install LIBRARYNAME} .\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Database configuration\par}
Install MySQL Installer at [{\f2 https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/}](MySQL install site) (mysql-installer-web-community-5.7.10.0.msi - this is the first option)\par
Follow the instructions on this link to successfully install MySQL: [{\f2 http://corlewsolutions.com/articles/article-21-how-to-install-mysql-server-5-6-on-windows-7-development-machine}](Installation tutorial)\par
After installation, follow the Post-installation Steps on this page to set a root password: [{\f2 http://www.tutorialspoint.com/mysql/mysql-installation.htm}](Set root password)\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}How to run tests\par}
We do not have unit tests yet. However, the solution can be tested by running {\f2 {\b IDT_Server/package_events.py}}  while the server is running to receive test data from the {\f2 .gpx}  files provided.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}How to add stuff to the repo\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Contribution guidelines\par}
Before you commit code, it should be commented properly and well-documented. It should also follow PEP-8.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Writing tests\par}
For later\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Code review\par}
Have comments, but not too many comments. For Python, follow the PEP-8 conventions. PyCharm has plugins that do this for you and alert if you do something wrong. (If you noticed, this document doesn't follow PEP-8, but it doesn't matter since it's not in Python :D)\par
Have a docstring at the beginning of each function/class that documents what it does. Have a comment before the line of obscure bits of code to identify them. DO NOT have inline comments.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}Other guidelines\par}
Save early, save often. Commit early, commit often. Write good commit messages. Don't wait to comment until the end. \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Namespace Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Packages\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the packages with brief descriptions (if available):}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b package_events} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAKM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b run} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAKP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b src} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b src.database_storage} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b src.packop} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAALY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b time_shifter} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAANE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Design Unit Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Design Unit Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Design Unit List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all design unit members with links to the Entities they belong to:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b Package} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class containing the path of a single {\b Package} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v File Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
File List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all files with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/{\b run.py} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/{\b package_events.py} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/{\b time_shifter.py} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/{\b __init__.py} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/{\b database_storage.py} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/{\b packop.py} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b bootstrap.min.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b ie-emulation-modes-warning.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b jquery.min.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b jquery.minicolors.min.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b main.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b material.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b moment.min.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/{\b ripples.js} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Documentation\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
package_events Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v package_events}
{\xe \v package_events}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v gpx_files\:package_events}
{\xe \v package_events\:gpx_files}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
gpx_files = glob.glob("gpx_files/*.gpx")}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 4 of file package_events.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v processes\:package_events}
{\xe \v package_events\:processes}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
list processes = [subprocess.Popen(["groovy", "PackageEventsSimulator.groovy", "-{\b n}", n]) for {\b n} in {\b gpx_files}]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 5 of file package_events.py.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
run Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v run}
{\xe \v run}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get_package_update\:run}
{\xe \v run\:get_package_update}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def run.get_package_update (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Receives POST data about Package's current info, and adds it to the dictionary of positions. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid of the Package that is being updated \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 45 of file run.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    45 def get_package_update(uuid):\par
   46     # print "Trying to get Package update..."\par
   47     data = json.loads(request.get_data().replace("[", "\{").replace("]", "\}"))\par
   48     # print data\par
   49     if "delivered" in data:\par
   50         database_storage.make_delivered(uuid)\par
   51         del packages[uuid]\par
   52         # print "uuid:", uuid, "delivered:", data['delivered']\par
   53     else:\par
   54         # print "response:", data\par
   55         lat = float(data['lat'])\par
   56         lon = float(data['lon'])\par
   57         elevation = int(data['ele'])\par
   58         timestamp = data['time']\par
   59         coord = (float(lat), float(lon), float(elevation), parse_time(timestamp))\par
   60         database_storage.insert_location(uuid, coord[0], coord[1], coord[2], coord[3])\par
   61         # print "uuid:", uuid, "lat:", lat, "long:", lon,\par
   62         #                "ele:", elevation, "time:", time\par
   63         # print package_data\par
   64         if packages[uuid] is None:\par
   65             print "death by yaegan"\par
   66             packages[uuid] = packop.Package(\par
   67                 coord, database_storage.get_destination_of_package(uuid))\par
   68         else:\par
   69             packages[uuid].add_point(coord)\par
   70     return ''\par
   71 \par
   72 \par
   73 @app.route('/testdata')\par
}
}
{\xe \v index\:run}
{\xe \v run\:index}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def run.index ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Serves the webpage based on template at /templates/index.html print "Serving index...". }}\par
{
Definition at line 124 of file run.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   124 def index():\par
  125     return render_template('index.html')\par
  126 \par
  127 \par
}
}
{\xe \v parse_time\:run}
{\xe \v run\:parse_time}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def run.parse_time (  {\i time_str})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Does dateutil.parser.parse on the string, then converts to a timetuple, which is converted to seconds since epoch by time.mktime. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i time_str} \cell }{A timestamp in some ISO format \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Time in seconds since epoch \par
}}{
Definition at line 17 of file run.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    17 def parse_time(time_str):\par
   18     return int(time.mktime(parse(time_str).timetuple()))\par
   19 \par
   20 \par
   21 @app.route('/tracknewpackage', methods=['GET'])\par
}
}
{\xe \v recover\:run}
{\xe \v run\:recover}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def run.recover ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Recovers undelivered packages from the database on startup. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{
Definition at line 129 of file run.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   129 def recover():\par
  130     global packages\par
  131     undelivered = database_storage.get_undelivered_packages()\par
  132     for uuid in undelivered:\par
  133         convert_coord = lambda coord: coord["coords"] + (coord["ele"], coord["time"])\par
  134         start = convert_coord(database_storage.get_first_data(uuid))\par
  135         dest = database_storage.get_destination_of_package(uuid)\par
  136         packages[uuid] = packop.Package(start, dest)\par
  137         coords = database_storage.get_locations(uuid, start[-1])\par
  138         for coord in coords:\par
  139             packages[uuid].add_point(convert_coord(coord))\par
  140 \par
}
}
{\xe \v send_data\:run}
{\xe \v run\:send_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def run.send_data ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data to clientside. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
dt is for what type of output it's expecting and uuid is for the Package uuid for which data is received. \par
}{
Definition at line 83 of file run.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    83 def send_data():\par
   84     global begin, initial_data, package_data\par
   85     a = request.args.get('dt', "", type=str)\par
   86     uuid = request.args.get('uuid', "", type=str)\par
   87     if a == 'isValidUUID':\par
   88         return jsonify(results=database_storage.is_valid_uuid(uuid))\par
   89     elif a == 'initialData':\par
   90         return jsonify(\{"name": database_storage.get_name(uuid),\par
   91                         "end_coords": database_storage.get_destination_of_package(uuid),\par
   92                         "start_coords": database_storage.get_first_data(uuid)['coords'],\par
   93                         "curr_coords": database_storage.get_current_data(uuid)['coords']\})\par
   94     elif a == 'isDelivered':\par
   95         return jsonify(results=database_storage.is_delivered(uuid))\par
   96     elif a == 'getNewPoints':\par
   97         prev_time = request.args.get('time', 0, type=int)\par
   98         return jsonify(results=database_storage.get_locations(uuid, prev_time))\par
   99     elif a == 'undeliveredPackages':\par
  100         return jsonify(results=database_storage.get_undelivered_packages())\par
  101     elif a == 'deliveredPackages':\par
  102         return jsonify(results=database_storage.get_delivered_packages())\par
  103     elif a == 'getETR':\par
  104         try:\par
  105             return jsonify(results=packages[uuid].etr())\par
  106         except KeyError:\par
  107             return jsonify(results=database_storage.get_current_data(uuid)['time'] - time.time())\par
  108     elif a == 'getPOI':\par
  109         try:\par
  110             return jsonify(results=packages[uuid].poi)\par
  111         except KeyError:\par
  112             return jsonify(results=[])\par
  113     elif a == 'getDistance':\par
  114         try:\par
  115             return jsonify(results=packages[uuid].dist)\par
  116         except KeyError:\par
  117             return jsonify(results=[])\par
  118     return jsonify(results="")\par
  119 \par
  120 \par
  121 @app.route('/')\par
}
}
{\xe \v test_data\:run}
{\xe \v run\:test_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def run.test_data ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns a json version of whatever variable is passed as the value from the data key. }}\par
{
Definition at line 76 of file run.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    76 def test_data():\par
   77     return jsonify(results=eval(request.args.get('data', "", type=str)))\par
   78 \par
   79 \par
   80 @app.route('/data')\par
}
}
{\xe \v track_new_package\:run}
{\xe \v run\:track_new_package}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def run.track_new_package ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets new Package data, with name, destination, and UUID. }}\par
{
Definition at line 24 of file run.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    24 def track_new_package():\par
   25     global initial_data\par
   26     name = request.args.get('name', "", type=str)\par
   27     dest_lat = request.args.get('destinationLat', 0, type=float)\par
   28     dest_lng = request.args.get('destinationLon', 0, type=float)\par
   29     uuid = request.args.get('uuid', "", type=str)\par
   30     # initial_data[uuid] = \{"name": name, "end_coords": (dest_lat, dest_lng)\}\par
   31     database_storage.create_table(uuid, name, dest_lat, dest_lng)\par
   32     # print "name:", name, "dest_lat:", dest_lat,\par
   33     #                       "dest_lng:", dest_lng, "uuid:", uuid\par
   34     out = \{'ackUUID': '['+uuid+']'\}\par
   35     packages[uuid] = None\par
   36     # print "ran through here"\par
   37     return str(out)\par
   38     # return "success"\par
   39 \par
   40 \par
   41 @app.route('/packagetrackupdate/<uuid>', methods=['POST'])\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v app\:run}
{\xe \v run\:app}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
app = Flask(__name__)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 10 of file run.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v debug\:run}
{\xe \v run\:debug}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
debug}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 145 of file run.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v False\:run}
{\xe \v run\:False}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
False}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 145 of file run.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v packages\:run}
{\xe \v run\:packages}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
dictionary packages = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 141 of file run.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v True\:run}
{\xe \v run\:True}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
True}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 145 of file run.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v use_debugger\:run}
{\xe \v run\:use_debugger}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
use_debugger}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 145 of file run.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v use_reloader\:run}
{\xe \v run\:use_reloader}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
use_reloader}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 145 of file run.py.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
src Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v src}
{\xe \v src}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALE}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
src.database_storage Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v src.database_storage}
{\xe \v src.database_storage}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v clear_database_and_create_new\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:clear_database_and_create_new}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.clear_database_and_create_new ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Clears database and creates a new one. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{
Definition at line 177 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   177 def clear_database_and_create_new():\par
  178     # command = "DROP DATABASE idt; CREATE DATABASE idt;"\par
  179     command1 = "CREATE TABLE uuids (uuid CHAR(36) PRIMARY KEY, nameString TINYBLOB, delivered ENUM('Y', 'N'), destLat DOUBLE(7, 4), destLon DOUBLE(7,4));"\par
  180     # execute_command(command)\par
  181     execute_command(command1)\par
  182     # execute_command("USE idt")\par
  183 \par
  184 \par
}
}
{\xe \v close_database\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:close_database}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.close_database ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Close database connection. }}\par
{
Definition at line 172 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   172 def close_database():\par
  173     db.close()\par
  174 \par
  175 \par
}
}
{\xe \v create_table\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:create_table}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.create_table (  {\i uuid},   {\i name},   {\i dest_lat},   {\i dest_lon})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a new table for a new package. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The table has :(Latitude DOUBLE(7,4), Longitude DOUBLE(7,4), Elevation INT(6), Time INT(10) PRIMARY KEY) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The UUID of the package being added \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{The name of the package being added \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i dest_lat} \cell }{The latitude of the destination of the package \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i dest_lon} \cell }{The longitude of the destination of the package \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 12 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    12 def create_table(uuid, name, dest_lat, dest_lon):\par
   13     # print "creating table for uuid", uuid\par
   14     command = "CREATE TABLE \\"" + uuid + "\\" (Latitude DOUBLE(7,4), Longitude DOUBLE(7,4), Elevation INT(6), Time INT(10) PRIMARY KEY)"\par
   15     command2 = "INSERT INTO uuids (uuid, nameString, delivered, destLat, destLon) VALUES ('%s', '%s', 'N', %f, %f)" % \\\par
   16                (uuid, name, dest_lat, dest_lon)\par
   17 \par
   18     # print "command2:", command2\par
   19 \par
   20     execute_command(command)\par
   21     execute_command(command2)\par
   22 \par
   23 \par
}
}
{\xe \v execute_command\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:execute_command}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.execute_command (  {\i command},   {\i results} = {\f2 False})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Executes SQL command given to it. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i command} \cell }{The command to execute \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i results} \cell }{Whether or not to get results\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Success of command (or results if successful and results=True) \par
}}{
Definition at line 191 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   191 def execute_command(command, results=False):\par
  192     try:\par
  193         cursor.execute(command)\par
  194         if results:\par
  195             return cursor.fetchall()\par
  196         else:\par
  197             db.commit()\par
  198             return True\par
  199     except:\par
  200         traceback.print_exc(file=sys.stdout)\par
  201         db.rollback()\par
  202         return False\par
  203 \par
  204 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_all_uuids\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_all_uuids}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_all_uuids (  {\i get_delivered} = {\f2 False})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets all of the UUIDs tracked by the system. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i get_delivered} \cell }{Whether or not to include delivered packages (default False)\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid List of UUIDs \par
}}{
Definition at line 118 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   118 def get_all_uuids(get_delivered=False):\par
  119     if get_delivered:\par
  120         command = "SELECT uuid FROM uuids"\par
  121     else:\par
  122         command = "SELECT uuid FROM uuids WHERE delivered='N'"\par
  123     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
  124     if results != False:\par
  125         return [i[0] for i in results]\par
  126 \par
  127 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_current_data\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_current_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_current_data (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets a package's last package data (current location) }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid of the package to get current location for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A dictionary of package data \par
}}{
Definition at line 93 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    93 def get_current_data(uuid):\par
   94     command = "SELECT * FROM \\"" + uuid + "\\" ORDER BY Time DESC LIMIT 1"\par
   95     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
   96     # print "current_data of", uuid, "is", results\par
   97     if results != False:\par
   98         return [\{"coords": (i[0], i[1]), "ele": i[2], "time": i[3]\} for i in results][0]\par
   99 \par
  100 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_delivered_packages\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_delivered_packages}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_delivered_packages ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets all packages marked as delivered. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid List of UUIDs \par
}}{
Definition at line 131 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   131 def get_delivered_packages():\par
  132     command = "SELECT uuid FROM uuids WHERE delivered='Y'"\par
  133     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
  134     if results != False:\par
  135         return [i[0] for i in results]\par
  136 \par
  137 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_destination_of_package\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_destination_of_package}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_destination_of_package (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets the destination of package. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid for which to get a destination \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A tuple (lat, lon) \par
}}{
Definition at line 105 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   105 def get_destination_of_package(uuid):\par
  106     command = "SELECT destLat, destLon FROM uuids WHERE uuid='" + uuid + "'"\par
  107     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
  108     # print "destination of", uuid, ":", results\par
  109     if results != False:\par
  110         return results[0]\par
  111 \par
  112 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_first_data\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_first_data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_first_data (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets a package's first package data (starting location) }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid of the package to get starting location for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A dictionary of package data \par
}}{
Definition at line 80 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    80 def get_first_data(uuid):\par
   81     command = "SELECT * FROM \\"" + uuid + "\\" ORDER BY Time ASC LIMIT 1"\par
   82     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
   83     # print "first data of", uuid, "is", results\par
   84     if results != False:\par
   85         return [\{"coords": (i[0], i[1]), "ele": i[2], "time": i[3]\} for i in results][0]\par
   86 \par
   87 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_locations\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_locations}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_locations (  {\i uuid},   {\i time_var})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets a package's raw data from database. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid of the package to get data for \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i time_var} \cell }{The timestamp (in seconds since 1/1/1970) to start new results\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid List of dictionaries of package data \par
}}{
Definition at line 54 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    54 def get_locations(uuid, time_var):\par
   55     command = "SELECT * FROM \\"" + uuid + "\\" WHERE Time > " + str(time_var) + " ORDER BY Time ASC"\par
   56     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
   57 \par
   58     if results != False:\par
   59         return [\{"coords": (i[0], i[1]), "ele": i[2], "time": i[3]\} for i in results]\par
   60 \par
   61 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_name\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_name}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_name (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets a package's name from its uuid. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid of the package to get a name for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid String (the name of the package) \par
}}{
Definition at line 67 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    67 def get_name(uuid):\par
   68     command = "SELECT nameString FROM uuids WHERE uuid='" + uuid + "'"\par
   69     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
   70     # print "name of", uuid, "is", results\par
   71     if results != False:\par
   72         return results[0]\par
   73 \par
   74 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_undelivered_packages\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:get_undelivered_packages}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.get_undelivered_packages ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets all packages not marked as delivered (currently being processed) }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid List of UUIDs \par
}}{
Definition at line 141 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   141 def get_undelivered_packages():\par
  142     command = "SELECT uuid FROM uuids WHERE delivered='N'"\par
  143     results = execute_command(command, results=True)\par
  144     if results != False:\par
  145         return [i[0] for i in results]\par
  146 \par
  147 \par
}
}
{\xe \v insert_location\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:insert_location}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.insert_location (  {\i uuid},   {\i latitude},   {\i longitude},   {\i elevation},   {\i time_var})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Inserts a package's data into database. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid of the package where things are inserted \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{The latitude of the location at time \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{The longitude of the location at time \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i elevation} \cell }{The elevation of the package at time \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i time} \cell }{The time at which the location is reached \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 31 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    31 def insert_location(uuid, latitude, longitude, elevation, time_var):\par
   32     # print "inserting location"\par
   33     # print "time_var:", time_var\par
   34     command = "INSERT INTO \\"" + uuid + "\\" (Latitude, Longitude, Elevation, Time) \\\par
   35                VALUES (%f, %f, %d, %d)" % \\\par
   36                (latitude, longitude, elevation, time_var)\par
   37     execute_command(command)\par
   38 \par
   39 \par
}
}
{\xe \v is_delivered\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:is_delivered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.is_delivered (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if package with given uuid is delivered. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{Uuid to check delivery status for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Boolean (true if it's delivered) \par
}}{
Definition at line 164 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   164 def is_delivered(uuid):\par
  165     print "is_delivered", uuid\par
  166     results = execute_command("SELECT delivered FROM uuids WHERE uuid='" + uuid + "'", results=True)\par
  167     print "delivery_status:", results\par
  168     return results[0][0] == 'Y'\par
  169 \par
  170 \par
}
}
{\xe \v is_valid_uuid\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:is_valid_uuid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.is_valid_uuid (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Checks if uuid is in database of uuids. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{Uuid to check validity for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Boolean (true if it's there) \par
}}{
Definition at line 153 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   153 def is_valid_uuid(uuid):\par
  154     results = execute_command("SELECT uuid FROM uuids WHERE uuid='" + uuid + "'", results=True)\par
  155     # print "is_valid_uuid:", results\par
  156     return len(results) > 0\par
  157 \par
  158 \par
}
}
{\xe \v make_delivered\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:make_delivered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.database_storage.make_delivered (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets a package's delivered status to true in the database. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i uuid} \cell }{The uuid of the package to set delivered \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 43 of file database_storage.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    43 def make_delivered(uuid):\par
   44     command = "UPDATE uuids SET delivered='Y' WHERE uuid='" + uuid + "'"\par
   45     execute_command(command)\par
   46 \par
   47 \par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cursor\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:cursor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
cursor = db.cursor()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Opens database connection. }}\par
{
Definition at line 209 of file database_storage.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v db\:src::database_storage}
{\xe \v src::database_storage\:db}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
db = MySQLdb.connect(host="localhost", user="admin", passwd="password1", db="idt")}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Opens database connection - Host and password may change later. }}\par
{
Definition at line 206 of file database_storage.py.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
src.packop Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v src.packop}
{\xe \v src.packop}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Package}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class containing the path of a single {\b Package}. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v average\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:average}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.average (  {\i elements})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the average of a list of numbers. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i elements} \cell }{list\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid float \par
}}{
Definition at line 122 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   122 def average(elements):\par
  123     return sum(elements) / len(elements)\par
  124 \par
  125 \par
}
}
{\xe \v generate_line\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:generate_line}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.generate_line (  {\i pixel1},   {\i pixel2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generates a line of pixels from two given endpoints. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pixel1} \cell }{The first endpoint point of the line \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pixel2} \cell }{The second endpoint pixel of the line\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid List of pixels forming a line between the endpoints \par
}}{
Definition at line 40 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    40 def generate_line(pixel1, pixel2):\par
   41     x1, y1 = pixel1\par
   42     x2, y2 = pixel2\par
   43     if pixel1 == pixel2:\par
   44         return [pixel1]\par
   45     points = []\par
   46     if abs(y2 - y1) < abs(x2 - x1):\par
   47         if x2 > x1:\par
   48             inc = 1\par
   49         else:\par
   50             inc = -1\par
   51         slope = (y2 - y1) / (x2 - x1)\par
   52 \par
   53         def y(x):\par
   54             return slope * (x - x1) + y1\par
   55 \par
   56         for x in xrange(x1, x2 + inc, inc):\par
   57             points.append((x, roundf(y(x))))\par
   58     else:\par
   59         if y2 > y1:\par
   60             inc = 1\par
   61         else:\par
   62             inc = -1\par
   63         slope = (x2 - x1) / (y2 - y1)\par
   64 \par
   65         def x(y):\par
   66             return slope * (y - y1) + x1\par
   67 \par
   68         for y in xrange(y1, y2 + inc, inc):\par
   69             points.append((roundf(x(y)), y))\par
   70     return points\par
   71 \par
   72 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_address\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:get_address}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.get_address (  {\i coord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the address of a coordinate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i coord} \cell }{A tuple of (lat, lon)\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid String form of street address of coordinates \par
}}{
Definition at line 89 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    89 def get_address(coord):\par
   90     return nominatim.reverse(coord).address\par
   91 \par
   92 \par
}
}
{\xe \v over_land\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:over_land}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.over_land (  {\i pixel})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns whether or not the given pixel is over land. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pixel} \cell }{The pixel on the land/water map to be checked\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Boolean (true if over land) \par
}}{
Definition at line 30 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    30 def over_land(pixel):\par
   31     return array[pixel[0]][pixel[1]] == 1\par
   32 \par
   33 \par
}
}
{\xe \v parse_time\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:parse_time}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.parse_time (  {\i timestamp})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Converts an ISO 8601 timestamp to seconds from epoch. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i timestamp} \cell }{String in ISO 8601 format\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i Float} \cell }{of the seconds since epoch to the time given \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 98 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    98 def parse_time(timestamp):\par
   99     ts = time.strptime(timestamp, "%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%SZ")\par
  100     return time.mktime(ts)\par
  101 \par
  102 \par
}
}
{\xe \v roundf\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:roundf}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.roundf (  {\i number})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAME}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns an integer representation of a rounded float. }}\par
{
Definition at line 21 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    21 def roundf(number):\par
   22     return int(round(number))\par
   23 \par
   24 \par
}
}
{\xe \v to_pixel\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:to_pixel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.to_pixel (  {\i coord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Converts from latitude/longitude to pixels on a map projection. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i coord} \cell }{A tuple of (lat, lon)\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid tuple \par
}}{
Definition at line 78 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    78 def to_pixel(coord):\par
   79     x = MAP_WIDTH / 360 * coord[1] + MAP_WIDTH / 2\par
   80     y = -MAP_HEIGHT / 180 * coord[0] + MAP_HEIGHT / 2\par
   81     return (roundf(x), roundf(y))\par
   82 \par
   83 \par
}
}
{\xe \v vincenty\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:vincenty}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def src.packop.vincenty (  {\i coord1},   {\i coord2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the Vincenty distance between two coordinates. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i coord1} \cell }{Tuple of (lat, lon) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i coord2} \cell }{Tuple of (lat, lon)\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Float of distance in meters from coord1 to coord2 \par
}}{
Definition at line 109 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   109 def vincenty(coord1, coord2):\par
  110     while True:\par
  111         try:\par
  112             return distance.vincenty(coord1, coord2).meters\par
  113         except:\par
  114             pass\par
  115 \par
  116 \par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v array\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:array}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
array = json.loads(file.read())}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_SPEEDS\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:DEFAULT_SPEEDS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
tuple DEFAULT_SPEEDS = (27, 245)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 11 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v file\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:file}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
file = open({\b PATH_TO_MAP}, "r")}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 14 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v MAP_HEIGHT\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:MAP_HEIGHT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
MAP_HEIGHT}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 13 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v MAP_WIDTH\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:MAP_WIDTH}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
MAP_WIDTH}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAML}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 13 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v nominatim\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:nominatim}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
nominatim = geopy.Nominatim()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 10 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v PATH_TO_MAP\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:PATH_TO_MAP}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
string PATH_TO_MAP = "src/map.json"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 8 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v RADIUS\:src::packop}
{\xe \v src::packop\:RADIUS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
float RADIUS = 6.371e6}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 12 of file packop.py.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
time_shifter Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v time_shifter}
{\xe \v time_shifter}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variables\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v change\:time_shifter}
{\xe \v time_shifter\:change}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int change = {\b now}-gpx.tracks[0].segments[0].points[0].time.timestamp()+6000}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 11 of file time_shifter.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v delta\:time_shifter}
{\xe \v time_shifter\:delta}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
delta = datetime.timedelta(0, {\b change}, 0)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 12 of file time_shifter.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v file\:time_shifter}
{\xe \v time_shifter\:file}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
file = open(FILE_NAME, "w")}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 17 of file time_shifter.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v gpx\:time_shifter}
{\xe \v time_shifter\:gpx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
gpx = gpxpy.parse(open(FILE_NAME))}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 9 of file time_shifter.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v now\:time_shifter}
{\xe \v time_shifter\:now}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
now = time.time()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 10 of file time_shifter.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v temp_text\:time_shifter}
{\xe \v time_shifter\:temp_text}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
temp_text = gpx.to_xml()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 14 of file time_shifter.py.}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Documentation{\tc \v Class Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Package}
{\xe \v Package}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMP}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class containing the path of a single {\b Package}. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class containing the path of a single {\b Package}. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{
Definition at line 127 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v __init__\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:__init__}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def __init__ (  {\i self},   {\i coord},   {\i destination})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initializes the {\b Package} with the first coordinate and the destination point. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{The object pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i coord} \cell }{Starting coordinate point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i destination} \cell }{Tuple of format (latitude, longitude)\cell }
{\row }
}
Coordinates except for destination are tuples of the format: (latitude, longitude, elevation, time). \par
}{
Definition at line 138 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   138     def __init__(self, coord, destination):       \par
  139         self.coords = [[coord]]\par
  140         self.destination = destination\par
  141         self.speeds = list(DEFAULT_SPEEDS)\par
  142         self.land_speeds = [DEFAULT_SPEEDS[0]]\par
  143         self.water_speeds = [DEFAULT_SPEEDS[1]]\par
  144         vehicle = self.get_vehicle(coord)\par
  145         self.dist = vincenty(coord[:2], self.destination)\par
  146         if vehicle == 0:\par
  147             self.seen_land = True\par
  148             self.seen_water = False\par
  149         else:\par
  150             self.seen_water = True\par
  151             self.seen_land = False\par
  152         self.poi = [[coord, vehicle]]\par
  153 \par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v add_point\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:add_point}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def add_point (  {\i self},   {\i coord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a point to the current path, and creates a new segment if needed. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{The object pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i coord} \cell }{Tuple \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Definition at line 172 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   172     def add_point(self, coord):\par
  173         segment = self.coords[-1]\par
  174         vehicle = self.get_vehicle(coord)\par
  175         if vehicle != self.get_vehicle(segment[-1]):\par
  176             self.coords.append([])\par
  177             if vehicle == 0:\par
  178                 if self.seen_land:\par
  179                     self.land_speeds.append(0)\par
  180                 else:\par
  181                     self.seen_land = True\par
  182             else:\par
  183                 if self.seen_water:\par
  184                     self.water_speeds.append(0)\par
  185                 else:\par
  186                     self.seen_water = True\par
  187             self.poi.append([coord, vehicle])\par
  188         self.coords[-1].append(coord)\par
  189         if vehicle == 0:\par
  190             self.land_speeds[-1] = self.get_speed()\par
  191         else:\par
  192             self.water_speeds[-1] = self.get_speed()\par
  193         self.speeds = [average(self.land_speeds), average(self.water_speeds)]\par
  194         self.dist = vincenty(coord[:2], self.destination)\par
  195 \par
}
}
{\xe \v etr\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:etr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def etr (  {\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the estimated time remaining for the {\b Package} to arrive. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{The object pointer\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid float The time remaining for the {\b Package} to reach its destination \par
}}{
Definition at line 221 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   221     def etr(self):\par
  222         segment = self.coords[-1]\par
  223         coord = segment[-1][:2]\par
  224         land_speed, water_speed = self.speeds\par
  225         pixel1, pixel2 = to_pixel(coord), to_pixel(self.destination)\par
  226         line = generate_line(pixel1, pixel2)\par
  227         interval = self.dist / len(line)\par
  228         surfaces = list(map(over_land, line))\par
  229         land_time = surfaces.count(True) * interval / land_speed\par
  230         water_time = surfaces.count(False) * interval / water_speed\par
  231         return land_time + water_time\par
  232 }
}
{\xe \v get_speed\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:get_speed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def get_speed (  {\i self})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the average speed of the {\b Package} during the current segment in meters per second. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{The object pointer\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Float in m/s of the speed of the {\b Package} during the current segment \par
}}{
Definition at line 202 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   202     def get_speed(self):\par
  203         segment = self.coords[-1]\par
  204         if len(segment) > 1:\par
  205             coord1 = segment[0][:3]\par
  206             time1 = segment[0][3]\par
  207             coord2 = segment[-1][:3]\par
  208             time2 = segment[-1][3]\par
  209             distance = vincenty(coord1[:2], coord2[:2])\par
  210             time = time2 - time1\par
  211             return abs(distance / time)\par
  212         else:\par
  213             vehicle = self.get_vehicle(segment[-1])\par
  214             return DEFAULT_SPEEDS[vehicle]\par
  215 \par
}
}
{\xe \v get_vehicle\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:get_vehicle}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
def get_vehicle (  {\i self},   {\i coord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the mode of transport of the {\b Package} at the coordinate, where 0 is for car, and 1 is for boat/ship/plane. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i self} \cell }{The object pointer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i coord} \cell }{The coordinate to check the mode for\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid int (0 is for land, 1 is for water) \par
}}{
Definition at line 160 of file packop.py.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   160     def get_vehicle(self, coord):\par
  161         x, y = to_pixel(coord[:2])\par
  162         if not over_land((x, y)):\par
  163             return 1\par
  164         else:\par
  165             return 0\par
  166 \par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v coords\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:coords}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coords}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 139 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v destination\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:destination}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
destination}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 140 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v dist\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:dist}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
dist}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 145 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v land_speeds\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:land_speeds}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
land_speeds}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 142 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v poi\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:poi}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
poi}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 152 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v seen_land\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:seen_land}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
seen_land}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 147 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v seen_water\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:seen_water}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
seen_water}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 148 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v speeds\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:speeds}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
speeds}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 141 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\xe \v water_speeds\:src::packop::Package}
{\xe \v src::packop::Package\:water_speeds}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
water_speeds}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 143 of file packop.py.}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/{\b packop.py}\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Documentation{\tc \v File Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
howto.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v howto.md}
{\xe \v howto.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/package_events.py File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/package_events.py}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/package_events.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/time_shifter.py File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/time_shifter.py}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/IDT_Server/time_shifter.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/README.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/README.md}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/README.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/run.py File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/run.py}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/run.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/__init__.py File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/__init__.py}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/__init__.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/database_storage.py File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/database_storage.py}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/database_storage.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/packop.py File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/packop.py}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/src/packop.py}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Package}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class containing the path of a single {\b Package}. }}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/bootstrap.min.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/bootstrap.min.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
a {\b fn} a (  {\i function()\{a.support.transition=b(),a.support.transition&&(a.event.special.bsTransitionEnd=\{bindType:a.support.transition.end,delegateType:a.support.transition.end,handle:function(b)\{return a(b.target).is(this)?b.handleObj.handler.apply(this,arguments):void 0\}\})\}})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v b\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:b}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function b ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"use strict";var b=a.fn.jquery.split(" ")[0].split(".");if(b[0]<2&&b[1]<9||1==b[0]&&9==b[1]&&b[2]<1||b[0]>2)throw new Error("Bootstrap's JavaScript requires jQuery version 1.9.1 or higher, but lower than version 3")\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b()\{var a=document.createElement("bootstrap"),b=\{WebkitTransition:"webkitTransitionEnd",MozTransition:"transitionend",OTransition:"oTransitionEnd otransitionend",transition:"transitionend"\};for(var c in b)if(void 0!==a.style[c])return\{end:b[c]\};return!1\}a.fn.emulateTransitionEnd=function(b)\{var c=!1,d=this;a(this).one("bsTransitionEnd",function()\{c=!0\});var e=function()\{c||a(d).trigger(a.support.transition.end)\};return setTimeout(e,b),this\},a(function()\{a.support.transition=b(),a.support.transition&&(a.event.special.bsTransitionEnd=\{bindType:a.support.transition.end,delegateType:a.support.transition.end,handle:function(b)\{return a(b.target).is(this)?b.handleObj.handler.apply(this,arguments):void 0\}\})\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var c=a(this),e=c.data("bs.alert");e||c.data("bs.alert",e=new d(this)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b].call(c)\})\}var c='[data-dismiss="alert"]',d=function(b)\{a(b).on("click",c,this.close)\};d.VERSION="3.3.6",d.TRANSITION_DURATION=150,d.prototype.close=function(b)\{function c()\{g.detach().trigger("closed.bs.alert").remove()\}var e=a(this),f=e.attr("data-target");f||(f=e.attr("href"),f=f&&f.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]*$)/,""));var g=a(f);b&&b.preventDefault(),g.length||(g=e.closest(".alert")),g.trigger(b=a.Event("close.bs.alert")),b.isDefaultPrevented()||(g.removeClass("in"),a.support.transition&&g.hasClass("fade")?g.one("bsTransitionEnd",c).emulateTransitionEnd(d.TRANSITION_DURATION):c())\};var e=a.fn.alert;a.fn.alert=b,a.fn.alert.Constructor=d,a.fn.alert.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.alert=e,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.alert.data-api",c,d.prototype.close)\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.button"),f="object"==typeof b&&b;e||d.data("bs.button",e=new c(this,f)),"toggle"==b?e.toggle():b&&e.setState(b)\})\}var c=function(b,d)\{this.$element=a(b),this.options=a.extend(\{\},c.DEFAULTS,d),this.isLoading=!1\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.DEFAULTS=\{loadingText:"loading..."\},c.prototype.setState=function(b)\{var c="disabled",d=this.$element,e=d.is("input")?"val":"html",f=d.data();b+="Text",null==f.resetText&&d.data("resetText",d[e]()),setTimeout(a.proxy(function()\{d[e](null==f[b]?this.options[b]:f[b]),"loadingText"==b?(this.isLoading=!0,d.addClass(c).attr(c,c)):this.isLoading&&(this.isLoading=!1,d.removeClass(c).removeAttr(c))\},this),0)\},c.prototype.toggle=function()\{var a=!0,b=this.$element.closest('[data-toggle="buttons"]');if(b.length)\{var c=this.$element.find("input");"radio"==c.prop("type")?(c.prop("checked")&&(a=!1),b.find(".active").removeClass("active"),this.$element.addClass("active")):"checkbox"==c.prop("type")&&(c.prop("checked")!==this.$element.hasClass("active")&&(a=!1),this.$element.toggleClass("active")),c.prop("checked",this.$element.hasClass("active")),a&&c.trigger("change")\}else this.$element.attr("aria-pressed",!this.$element.hasClass("active")),this.$element.toggleClass("active")\};var d=a.fn.button;a.fn.button=b,a.fn.button.Constructor=c,a.fn.button.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.button=d,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.button.data-api",'[data-toggle^="button"]',function(c)\{var d=a(c.target);d.hasClass("btn")||(d=d.closest(".btn")),b.call(d,"toggle"),a(c.target).is('input[type="radio"]')||a(c.target).is('input[type="checkbox"]')||c.preventDefault()\}).on("focus.bs.button.data-api blur.bs.button.data-api",'[data-toggle^="button"]',function(b)\{a(b.target).closest(".btn").toggleClass("focus",/^focus(in)?$/.test(b.type))\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.carousel"),f=a.extend(\{\},c.DEFAULTS,d.data(),"object"==typeof b&&b),g="string"==typeof b?b:f.slide;e||d.data("bs.carousel",e=new c(this,f)),"number"==typeof b?e.to(b):g?e[g]():f.interval&&e.pause().cycle()\})\}var c=function(b,c)\{this.$element=a(b),this.$indicators=this.$element.find(".carousel-indicators"),this.options=c,this.paused=null,this.sliding=null,this.interval=null,this.$active=null,this.$items=null,this.options.keyboard&&this.$element.on("keydown.bs.carousel",a.proxy(this.keydown,this)),"hover"==this.options.pause&&!("ontouchstart"in document.documentElement)&&this.$element.on("mouseenter.bs.carousel",a.proxy(this.pause,this)).on("mouseleave.bs.carousel",a.proxy(this.cycle,this))\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.TRANSITION_DURATION=600,c.DEFAULTS=\{interval:5e3,pause:"hover",wrap:!0,keyboard:!0\},c.prototype.keydown=function(a)\{if(!/input|textarea/i.test(a.target.tagName))\{switch(a.which)\{case 37:this.prev();break;case 39:this.next();break;default:return\}a.preventDefault()\}\},c.prototype.cycle=function(b)\{return b||(this.paused=!1),this.interval&&clearInterval(this.interval),this.options.interval&&!this.paused&&(this.interval=setInterval(a.proxy(this.next,this),this.options.interval)),this\},c.prototype.getItemIndex=function(a)\{return this.$items=a.parent().children(".item"),this.$items.index(a||this.$active)\},c.prototype.getItemForDirection=function(a,b)\{var c=this.getItemIndex(b),d="prev"==a&&0===c||"next"==a&&c==this.$items.length-1;if(d&&!this.options.wrap)return b;var e="prev"==a?-1:1,f=(c+e)%this.$items.length;return this.$items.eq(f)\},c.prototype.to=function(a)\{var b=this,c=this.getItemIndex(this.$active=this.$element.find(".item.active"));return a>this.$items.length-1||0>a?void 0:this.sliding?this.$element.one("slid.bs.carousel",function()\{b.to(a)\}):c==a?this.pause().cycle():this.slide(a>c?"next":"prev",this.$items.eq(a))\},c.prototype.pause=function(b)\{return b||(this.paused=!0),this.$element.find(".next, .prev").length&&a.support.transition&&(this.$element.trigger(a.support.transition.end),this.cycle(!0)),this.interval=clearInterval(this.interval),this\},c.prototype.next=function()\{return this.sliding?void 0:this.slide("next")\},c.prototype.prev=function()\{return this.sliding?void 0:this.slide("prev")\},c.prototype.slide=function(b,d)\{var e=this.$element.find(".item.active"),f=d||this.getItemForDirection(b,e),g=this.interval,h="next"==b?"left":"right",i=this;if(f.hasClass("active"))return this.sliding=!1;var j=f[0],k=a.Event("slide.bs.carousel",\{relatedTarget:j,direction:h\});if(this.$element.trigger(k),!k.isDefaultPrevented())\{if(this.sliding=!0,g&&this.pause(),this.$indicators.length)\{this.$indicators.find(".active").removeClass("active");var l=a(this.$indicators.children()[this.getItemIndex(f)]);l&&l.addClass("active")\}var m=a.Event("slid.bs.carousel",\{relatedTarget:j,direction:h\});return a.support.transition&&this.$element.hasClass("slide")?(f.addClass(b),f[0].offsetWidth,e.addClass(h),f.addClass(h),e.one("bsTransitionEnd",function()\{f.removeClass([b,h].join(" ")).addClass("active"),e.removeClass(["active",h].join(" ")),i.sliding=!1,setTimeout(function()\{i.$element.trigger(m)\},0)\}).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION)):(e.removeClass("active"),f.addClass("active"),this.sliding=!1,this.$element.trigger(m)),g&&this.cycle(),this\}\};var d=a.fn.carousel;a.fn.carousel=b,a.fn.carousel.Constructor=c,a.fn.carousel.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.carousel=d,this\};var e=function(c)\{var d,e=a(this),f=a(e.attr("data-target")||(d=e.attr("href"))&&d.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]+$)/,""));if(f.hasClass("carousel"))\{var g=a.extend(\{\},f.data(),e.data()),h=e.attr("data-slide-to");h&&(g.interval=!1),b.call(f,g),h&&f.data("bs.carousel").to(h),c.preventDefault()\}\};a(document).on("click.bs.carousel.data-api","[data-slide]",e).on("click.bs.carousel.data-api","[data-slide-to]",e),a(window).on("load",function()\{a('[data-ride="carousel"]').each(function()\{var c=a(this);b.call(c,c.data())\})\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{var c,d=b.attr("data-target")||(c=b.attr("href"))&&c.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]+$)/,"");return a(d)\}function c(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var c=a(this),e=c.data("bs.collapse"),f=a.extend(\{\},d.DEFAULTS,c.data(),"object"==typeof b&&b);!e&&f.toggle&&/show|hide/.test(b)&&(f.toggle=!1),e||c.data("bs.collapse",e=new d(this,f)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b]()\})\}var d=function(b,c)\{this.$element=a(b),this.options=a.extend(\{\},d.DEFAULTS,c),this.$trigger=a('[data-toggle="collapse"][href="#'+b.id+'"],[data-toggle="collapse"][data-target="#'+b.id+'"]'),this.transitioning=null,this.options.parent?this.$parent=this.getParent():this.addAriaAndCollapsedClass(this.$element,this.$trigger),this.options.toggle&&this.toggle()\};d.VERSION="3.3.6",d.TRANSITION_DURATION=350,d.DEFAULTS=\{toggle:!0\},d.prototype.dimension=function()\{var a=this.$element.hasClass("width");return a?"width":"height"\},d.prototype.show=function()\{if(!this.transitioning&&!this.$element.hasClass("in"))\{var b,e=this.$parent&&this.$parent.children(".panel").children(".in, .collapsing");if(!(e&&e.length&&(b=e.data("bs.collapse"),b&&b.transitioning)))\{var f=a.Event("show.bs.collapse");if(this.$element.trigger(f),!f.isDefaultPrevented())\{e&&e.length&&(c.call(e,"hide"),b||e.data("bs.collapse",null));var g=this.dimension();this.$element.removeClass("collapse").addClass("collapsing")[g](0).attr("aria-expanded",!0),this.$trigger.removeClass("collapsed").attr("aria-expanded",!0),this.transitioning=1;var h=function()\{this.$element.removeClass("collapsing").addClass("collapse in")[g](""),this.transitioning=0,this.$element.trigger("shown.bs.collapse")\};if(!a.support.transition)return h.call(this);var i=a.camelCase(["scroll",g].join("-"));this.$element.one("bsTransitionEnd",a.proxy(h,this)).emulateTransitionEnd(d.TRANSITION_DURATION)[g](this.$element[0][i])\}\}\}\},d.prototype.hide=function()\{if(!this.transitioning&&this.$element.hasClass("in"))\{var b=a.Event("hide.bs.collapse");if(this.$element.trigger(b),!b.isDefaultPrevented())\{var c=this.dimension();this.$element[c](this.$element[c]())[0].offsetHeight,this.$element.addClass("collapsing").removeClass("collapse in").attr("aria-expanded",!1),this.$trigger.addClass("collapsed").attr("aria-expanded",!1),this.transitioning=1;var e=function()\{this.transitioning=0,this.$element.removeClass("collapsing").addClass("collapse").trigger("hidden.bs.collapse")\};return a.support.transition?void this.$element[c](0).one("bsTransitionEnd",a.proxy(e,this)).emulateTransitionEnd(d.TRANSITION_DURATION):e.call(this)\}\}\},d.prototype.toggle=function()\{this[this.$element.hasClass("in")?"hide":"show"]()\},d.prototype.getParent=function()\{return a(this.options.parent).find('[data-toggle="collapse"][data-parent="'+this.options.parent+'"]').each(a.proxy(function(c,d)\{var e=a(d);this.addAriaAndCollapsedClass(b(e),e)\},this)).end()\},d.prototype.addAriaAndCollapsedClass=function(a,b)\{var c=a.hasClass("in");a.attr("aria-expanded",c),b.toggleClass("collapsed",!c).attr("aria-expanded",c)\};var e=a.fn.collapse;a.fn.collapse=c,a.fn.collapse.Constructor=d,a.fn.collapse.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.collapse=e,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.collapse.data-api",'[data-toggle="collapse"]',function(d)\{var e=a(this);e.attr("data-target")||d.preventDefault();var f=b(e),g=f.data("bs.collapse"),h=g?"toggle":e.data();c.call(f,h)\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{var c=b.attr("data-target");c||(c=b.attr("href"),c=c&&/#[A-Za-z]/.test(c)&&c.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]*$)/,""));var d=c&&a(c);return d&&d.length?d:b.parent()\}function c(c)\{c&&3===c.which||(a(e).remove(),a(f).each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=b(d),f=\{relatedTarget:this\};e.hasClass("open")&&(c&&"click"==c.type&&/input|textarea/i.test(c.target.tagName)&&a.contains(e[0],c.target)||(e.trigger(c=a.Event("hide.bs.dropdown",f)),c.isDefaultPrevented()||(d.attr("aria-expanded","false"),e.removeClass("open").trigger(a.Event("hidden.bs.dropdown",f)))))\}))\}function d(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var c=a(this),d=c.data("bs.dropdown");d||c.data("bs.dropdown",d=new g(this)),"string"==typeof b&&d[b].call(c)\})\}var e=".dropdown-backdrop",f='[data-toggle="dropdown"]',g=function(b)\{a(b).on("click.bs.dropdown",this.toggle)\};g.VERSION="3.3.6",g.prototype.toggle=function(d)\{var e=a(this);if(!e.is(".disabled, :disabled"))\{var f=b(e),g=f.hasClass("open");if(c(),!g)\{"ontouchstart"in document.documentElement&&!f.closest(".navbar-nav").length&&a(document.createElement("div")).addClass("dropdown-backdrop").insertAfter(a(this)).on("click",c);var h=\{relatedTarget:this\};if(f.trigger(d=a.Event("show.bs.dropdown",h)),d.isDefaultPrevented())return;e.trigger("focus").attr("aria-expanded","true"),f.toggleClass("open").trigger(a.Event("shown.bs.dropdown",h))\}return!1\}\},g.prototype.keydown=function(c)\{if(/(38|40|27|32)/.test(c.which)&&!/input|textarea/i.test(c.target.tagName))\{var d=a(this);if(c.preventDefault(),c.stopPropagation(),!d.is(".disabled, :disabled"))\{var e=b(d),g=e.hasClass("open");if(!g&&27!=c.which||g&&27==c.which)return 27==c.which&&e.find(f).trigger("focus"),d.trigger("click");var h=" li:not(.disabled):visible a",i=e.find(".dropdown-menu"+h);if(i.length)\{var j=i.index(c.target);38==c.which&&j>0&&j--,40==c.which&&j<i.length-1&&j++,~j||(j=0),i.eq(j).trigger("focus")\}\}\}\};var h=a.fn.dropdown;a.fn.dropdown=d,a.fn.dropdown.Constructor=g,a.fn.dropdown.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.dropdown=h,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.dropdown.data-api",c).on("click.bs.dropdown.data-api",".dropdown form",function(a)\{a.stopPropagation()\}).on("click.bs.dropdown.data-api",f,g.prototype.toggle).on("keydown.bs.dropdown.data-api",f,g.prototype.keydown).on("keydown.bs.dropdown.data-api",".dropdown-menu",g.prototype.keydown)\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b,d)\{return this.each(function()\{var e=a(this),f=e.data("bs.modal"),g=a.extend(\{\},c.DEFAULTS,e.data(),"object"==typeof b&&b);f||e.data("bs.modal",f=new c(this,g)),"string"==typeof b?f[b](d):g.show&&f.show(d)\})\}var c=function(b,c)\{this.options=c,this.$body=a(document.body),this.$element=a(b),this.$dialog=this.$element.find(".modal-dialog"),this.$backdrop=null,this.isShown=null,this.originalBodyPad=null,this.scrollbarWidth=0,this.ignoreBackdropClick=!1,this.options.remote&&this.$element.find(".modal-content").load(this.options.remote,a.proxy(function()\{this.$element.trigger("loaded.bs.modal")\},this))\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.TRANSITION_DURATION=300,c.BACKDROP_TRANSITION_DURATION=150,c.DEFAULTS=\{backdrop:!0,keyboard:!0,show:!0\},c.prototype.toggle=function(a)\{return this.isShown?this.hide():this.show(a)\},c.prototype.show=function(b)\{var d=this,e=a.Event("show.bs.modal",\{relatedTarget:b\});this.$element.trigger(e),this.isShown||e.isDefaultPrevented()||(this.isShown=!0,this.checkScrollbar(),this.setScrollbar(),this.$body.addClass("modal-open"),this.escape(),this.resize(),this.$element.on("click.dismiss.bs.modal",'[data-dismiss="modal"]',a.proxy(this.hide,this)),this.$dialog.on("mousedown.dismiss.bs.modal",function()\{d.$element.one("mouseup.dismiss.bs.modal",function(b)\{a(b.target).is(d.$element)&&(d.ignoreBackdropClick=!0)\})\}),this.backdrop(function()\{var e=a.support.transition&&d.$element.hasClass("fade");d.$element.parent().length||d.$element.appendTo(d.$body),d.$element.show().scrollTop(0),d.adjustDialog(),e&&d.$element[0].offsetWidth,d.$element.addClass("in"),d.enforceFocus();var f=a.Event("shown.bs.modal",\{relatedTarget:b\});e?d.$dialog.one("bsTransitionEnd",function()\{d.$element.trigger("focus").trigger(f)\}).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):d.$element.trigger("focus").trigger(f)\}))\},c.prototype.hide=function(b)\{b&&b.preventDefault(),b=a.Event("hide.bs.modal"),this.$element.trigger(b),this.isShown&&!b.isDefaultPrevented()&&(this.isShown=!1,this.escape(),this.resize(),a(document).off("focusin.bs.modal"),this.$element.removeClass("in").off("click.dismiss.bs.modal").off("mouseup.dismiss.bs.modal"),this.$dialog.off("mousedown.dismiss.bs.modal"),a.support.transition&&this.$element.hasClass("fade")?this.$element.one("bsTransitionEnd",a.proxy(this.hideModal,this)).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):this.hideModal())\},c.prototype.enforceFocus=function()\{a(document).off("focusin.bs.modal").on("focusin.bs.modal",a.proxy(function(a)\{this.$element[0]===a.target||this.$element.has(a.target).length||this.$element.trigger("focus")\},this))\},c.prototype.escape=function()\{this.isShown&&this.options.keyboard?this.$element.on("keydown.dismiss.bs.modal",a.proxy(function(a)\{27==a.which&&this.hide()\},this)):this.isShown||this.$element.off("keydown.dismiss.bs.modal")\},c.prototype.resize=function()\{this.isShown?a(window).on("resize.bs.modal",a.proxy(this.handleUpdate,this)):a(window).off("resize.bs.modal")\},c.prototype.hideModal=function()\{var a=this;this.$element.hide(),this.backdrop(function()\{a.$body.removeClass("modal-open"),a.resetAdjustments(),a.resetScrollbar(),a.$element.trigger("hidden.bs.modal")\})\},c.prototype.removeBackdrop=function()\{this.$backdrop&&this.$backdrop.remove(),this.$backdrop=null\},c.prototype.backdrop=function(b)\{var d=this,e=this.$element.hasClass("fade")?"fade":"";if(this.isShown&&this.options.backdrop)\{var f=a.support.transition&&e;if(this.$backdrop=a(document.createElement("div")).addClass("modal-backdrop "+e).appendTo(this.$body),this.$element.on("click.dismiss.bs.modal",a.proxy(function(a)\{return this.ignoreBackdropClick?void(this.ignoreBackdropClick=!1):void(a.target===a.currentTarget&&("static"==this.options.backdrop?this.$element[0].focus():this.hide()))\},this)),f&&this.$backdrop[0].offsetWidth,this.$backdrop.addClass("in"),!b)return;f?this.$backdrop.one("bsTransitionEnd",b).emulateTransitionEnd(c.BACKDROP_TRANSITION_DURATION):b()\}else if(!this.isShown&&this.$backdrop)\{this.$backdrop.removeClass("in");var g=function()\{d.removeBackdrop(),b&&b()\};a.support.transition&&this.$element.hasClass("fade")?this.$backdrop.one("bsTransitionEnd",g).emulateTransitionEnd(c.BACKDROP_TRANSITION_DURATION):g()\}else b&&b()\},c.prototype.handleUpdate=function()\{this.adjustDialog()\},c.prototype.adjustDialog=function()\{var a=this.$element[0].scrollHeight>document.documentElement.clientHeight;this.$element.css(\{paddingLeft:!this.bodyIsOverflowing&&a?this.scrollbarWidth:"",paddingRight:this.bodyIsOverflowing&&!a?this.scrollbarWidth:""\})\},c.prototype.resetAdjustments=function()\{this.$element.css(\{paddingLeft:"",paddingRight:""\})\},c.prototype.checkScrollbar=function()\{var a=window.innerWidth;if(!a)\{var b=document.documentElement.getBoundingClientRect();a=b.right-Math.abs(b.left)\}this.bodyIsOverflowing=document.body.clientWidth<a,this.scrollbarWidth=this.measureScrollbar()\},c.prototype.setScrollbar=function()\{var a=parseInt(this.$body.css("padding-right")||0,10);this.originalBodyPad=document.body.style.paddingRight||"",this.bodyIsOverflowing&&this.$body.css("padding-right",a+this.scrollbarWidth)\},c.prototype.resetScrollbar=function()\{this.$body.css("padding-right",this.originalBodyPad)\},c.prototype.measureScrollbar=function()\{var a=document.createElement("div");a.className="modal-scrollbar-measure",this.$body.append(a);var b=a.offsetWidth-a.clientWidth;return this.$body[0].removeChild(a),b\};var d=a.fn.modal;a.fn.modal=b,a.fn.modal.Constructor=c,a.fn.modal.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.modal=d,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.modal.data-api",'[data-toggle="modal"]',function(c)\{var d=a(this),e=d.attr("href"),f=a(d.attr("data-target")||e&&e.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]+$)/,"")),g=f.data("bs.modal")?"toggle":a.extend(\{remote:!/#/.test(e)&&e\},f.data(),d.data());d.is("a")&&c.preventDefault(),f.one("show.bs.modal",function(a)\{a.isDefaultPrevented()||f.one("hidden.bs.modal",function()\{d.is(":visible")&&d.trigger("focus")\})\}),b.call(f,g,this)\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.tooltip"),f="object"==typeof b&&b;(e||!/destroy|hide/.test(b))&&(e||d.data("bs.tooltip",e=new c(this,f)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b]())\})\}var c=function(a,b)\{this.type=null,this.options=null,this.enabled=null,this.timeout=null,this.hoverState=null,this.$element=null,this.inState=null,this.init("tooltip",a,b)\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.TRANSITION_DURATION=150,c.DEFAULTS=\{animation:!0,placement:"top",selector:!1,template:'<div class="tooltip" role="tooltip"><div class="tooltip-arrow"></div><div class="tooltip-inner"></div></div>',trigger:"hover focus",title:"",delay:0,html:!1,container:!1,viewport:\{selector:"body",padding:0\}\},c.prototype.init=function(b,c,d)\{if(this.enabled=!0,this.type=b,this.$element=a(c),this.options=this.getOptions(d),this.$viewport=this.options.viewport&&a(a.isFunction(this.options.viewport)?this.options.viewport.call(this,this.$element):this.options.viewport.selector||this.options.viewport),this.inState=\{click:!1,hover:!1,focus:!1\},this.$element[0]instanceof document.constructor&&!this.options.selector)throw new Error("`selector` option must be specified when initializing "+this.type+" on the window.document object!");for(var e=this.options.trigger.split(" "),f=e.length;f--;)\{var g=e[f];if("click"==g)this.$element.on("click."+this.type,this.options.selector,a.proxy(this.toggle,this));else if("manual"!=g)\{var h="hover"==g?"mouseenter":"focusin",i="hover"==g?"mouseleave":"focusout";this.$element.on(h+"."+this.type,this.options.selector,a.proxy(this.enter,this)),this.$element.on(i+"."+this.type,this.options.selector,a.proxy(this.leave,this))\}\}this.options.selector?this._options=a.extend(\{\},this.options,\{trigger:"manual",selector:""\}):this.fixTitle()\},c.prototype.getDefaults=function()\{return c.DEFAULTS\},c.prototype.getOptions=function(b)\{return b=a.extend(\{\},this.getDefaults(),this.$element.data(),b),b.delay&&"number"==typeof b.delay&&(b.delay=\{show:b.delay,hide:b.delay\}),b\},c.prototype.getDelegateOptions=function()\{var b=\{\},c=this.getDefaults();return this._options&&a.each(this._options,function(a,d)\{c[a]!=d&&(b[a]=d)\}),b\},c.prototype.enter=function(b)\{var c=b instanceof this.constructor?b:a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type);return c||(c=new this.constructor(b.currentTarget,this.getDelegateOptions()),a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type,c)),b instanceof a.Event&&(c.inState["focusin"==b.type?"focus":"hover"]=!0),c.tip().hasClass("in")||"in"==c.hoverState?void(c.hoverState="in"):(clearTimeout(c.timeout),c.hoverState="in",c.options.delay&&c.options.delay.show?void(c.timeout=setTimeout(function()\{"in"==c.hoverState&&c.show()\},c.options.delay.show)):c.show())\},c.prototype.isInStateTrue=function()\{for(var a in this.inState)if(this.inState[a])return!0;return!1\},c.prototype.leave=function(b)\{var c=b instanceof this.constructor?b:a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type);return c||(c=new this.constructor(b.currentTarget,this.getDelegateOptions()),a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type,c)),b instanceof a.Event&&(c.inState["focusout"==b.type?"focus":"hover"]=!1),c.isInStateTrue()?void 0:(clearTimeout(c.timeout),c.hoverState="out",c.options.delay&&c.options.delay.hide?void(c.timeout=setTimeout(function()\{"out"==c.hoverState&&c.hide()\},c.options.delay.hide)):c.hide())\},c.prototype.show=function()\{var b=a.Event("show.bs."+this.type);if(this.hasContent()&&this.enabled)\{this.$element.trigger(b);var d=a.contains(this.$element[0].ownerDocument.documentElement,this.$element[0]);if(b.isDefaultPrevented()||!d)return;var e=this,f=this.tip(),g=this.getUID(this.type);this.setContent(),f.attr("id",g),this.$element.attr("aria-describedby",g),this.options.animation&&f.addClass("fade");var h="function"==typeof this.options.placement?this.options.placement.call(this,f[0],this.$element[0]):this.options.placement,i=/\\s?auto?\\s?/i,j=i.test(h);j&&(h=h.replace(i,"")||"top"),f.detach().css(\{top:0,left:0,display:"block"\}).addClass(h).data("bs."+this.type,this),this.options.container?f.appendTo(this.options.container):f.insertAfter(this.$element),this.$element.trigger("inserted.bs."+this.type);var k=this.getPosition(),l=f[0].offsetWidth,m=f[0].offsetHeight;if(j)\{var n=h,o=this.getPosition(this.$viewport);h="bottom"==h&&k.bottom+m>o.bottom?"top":"top"==h&&k.top-m<o.top?"bottom":"right"==h&&k.right+l>o.width?"left":"left"==h&&k.left-l<o.left?"right":h,f.removeClass(n).addClass(h)\}var p=this.getCalculatedOffset(h,k,l,m);this.applyPlacement(p,h);var q=function()\{var a=e.hoverState;e.$element.trigger("shown.bs."+e.type),e.hoverState=null,"out"==a&&e.leave(e)\};a.support.transition&&this.$tip.hasClass("fade")?f.one("bsTransitionEnd",q).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):q()\}\},c.prototype.applyPlacement=function(b,c)\{var d=this.tip(),e=d[0].offsetWidth,f=d[0].offsetHeight,g=parseInt(d.css("margin-top"),10),h=parseInt(d.css("margin-left"),10);isNaN(g)&&(g=0),isNaN(h)&&(h=0),b.top+=g,b.left+=h,a.offset.setOffset(d[0],a.extend(\{using:function(a)\{d.css(\{top:Math.round(a.top),left:Math.round(a.left)\})\}\},b),0),d.addClass("in");var i=d[0].offsetWidth,j=d[0].offsetHeight;"top"==c&&j!=f&&(b.top=b.top+f-j);var k=this.getViewportAdjustedDelta(c,b,i,j);k.left?b.left+=k.left:b.top+=k.top;var l=/top|bottom/.test(c),m=l?2*k.left-e+i:2*k.top-f+j,n=l?"offsetWidth":"offsetHeight";d.offset(b),this.replaceArrow(m,d[0][n],l)\},c.prototype.replaceArrow=function(a,b,c)\{this.arrow().css(c?"left":"top",50*(1-a/b)+"%").css(c?"top":"left","")\},c.prototype.setContent=function()\{var a=this.tip(),b=this.getTitle();a.find(".tooltip-inner")[this.options.html?"html":"text"](b),a.removeClass("fade in top bottom left right")\},c.prototype.hide=function(b)\{function d()\{"in"!=e.hoverState&&f.detach(),e.$element.removeAttr("aria-describedby").trigger("hidden.bs."+e.type),b&&b()\}var e=this,f=a(this.$tip),g=a.Event("hide.bs."+this.type);return this.$element.trigger(g),g.isDefaultPrevented()?void 0:(f.removeClass("in"),a.support.transition&&f.hasClass("fade")?f.one("bsTransitionEnd",d).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):d(),this.hoverState=null,this)\},c.prototype.fixTitle=function()\{var a=this.$element;(a.attr("title")||"string"!=typeof a.attr("data-original-title"))&&a.attr("data-original-title",a.attr("title")||"").attr("title","")\},c.prototype.hasContent=function()\{return this.getTitle()\},c.prototype.getPosition=function(b)\{b=b||this.$element;var c=b[0],d="BODY"==c.tagName,e=c.getBoundingClientRect();null==e.width&&(e=a.extend(\{\},e,\{width:e.right-e.left,height:e.bottom-e.top\}));var f=d?\{top:0,left:0\}:b.offset(),g=\{scroll:d?document.documentElement.scrollTop||document.body.scrollTop:b.scrollTop()\},h=d?\{width:a(window).width(),height:a(window).height()\}:null;return a.extend(\{\},e,g,h,f)\},c.prototype.getCalculatedOffset=function(a,b,c,d)\{return"bottom"==a?\{top:b.top+b.height,left:b.left+b.width/2-c/2\}:"top"==a?\{top:b.top-d,left:b.left+b.width/2-c/2\}:"left"==a?\{top:b.top+b.height/2-d/2,left:b.left-c\}:\{top:b.top+b.height/2-d/2,left:b.left+b.width\}\},c.prototype.getViewportAdjustedDelta=function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=\{top:0,left:0\};if(!this.$viewport)return e;var f=this.options.viewport&&this.options.viewport.padding||0,g=this.getPosition(this.$viewport);if(/right|left/.test(a))\{var h=b.top-f-g.scroll,i=b.top+f-g.scroll+d;h<g.top?e.top=g.top-h:i>g.top+g.height&&(e.top=g.top+g.height-i)\}else\{var j=b.left-f,k=b.left+f+c;j<g.left?e.left=g.left-j:k>g.right&&(e.left=g.left+g.width-k)\}return e\},c.prototype.getTitle=function()\{var a,b=this.$element,c=this.options;return a=b.attr("data-original-title")||("function"==typeof c.title?c.title.call(b[0]):c.title)\},c.prototype.getUID=function(a)\{do a+=~~(1e6*Math.random());while(document.getElementById(a));return a\},c.prototype.tip=function()\{if(!this.$tip&&(this.$tip=a(this.options.template),1!=this.$tip.length))throw new Error(this.type+" `template` option must consist of exactly 1 top-level element!");return this.$tip\},c.prototype.arrow=function()\{return this.$arrow=this.$arrow||this.tip().find(".tooltip-arrow")\},c.prototype.enable=function()\{this.enabled=!0\},c.prototype.disable=function()\{this.enabled=!1\},c.prototype.toggleEnabled=function()\{this.enabled=!this.enabled\},c.prototype.toggle=function(b)\{var c=this;b&&(c=a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type),c||(c=new this.constructor(b.currentTarget,this.getDelegateOptions()),a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type,c))),b?(c.inState.click=!c.inState.click,c.isInStateTrue()?c.enter(c):c.leave(c)):c.tip().hasClass("in")?c.leave(c):c.enter(c)\},c.prototype.destroy=function()\{var a=this;clearTimeout(this.timeout),this.hide(function()\{a.$element.off("."+a.type).removeData("bs."+a.type),a.$tip&&a.$tip.detach(),a.$tip=null,a.$arrow=null,a.$viewport=null\})\};var d=a.fn.tooltip;a.fn.tooltip=b,a.fn.tooltip.Constructor=c,a.fn.tooltip.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.tooltip=d,this\}\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.popover"),f="object"==typeof b&&b;(e||!/destroy|hide/.test(b))&&(e||d.data("bs.popover",e=new c(this,f)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b]())\})\}var c=function(a,b)\{this.init("popover",a,b)\};if(!a.fn.tooltip)throw new Error("Popover requires tooltip.js");c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.DEFAULTS=a.extend(\{\},a.fn.tooltip.Constructor.DEFAULTS,\{placement:"right",trigger:"click",content:"",template:'<div class="popover" role="tooltip"><div class="arrow"></div><h3 class="popover-title"></h3><div class="popover-content"></div></div>'\}),c.prototype=a.extend(\{\},a.fn.tooltip.Constructor.prototype),c.prototype.constructor=c,c.prototype.getDefaults=function()\{return c.DEFAULTS\},c.prototype.setContent=function()\{var a=this.tip(),b=this.getTitle(),c=this.getContent();a.find(".popover-title")[this.options.html?"html":"text"](b),a.find(".popover-content").children().detach().end()[this.options.html?"string"==typeof c?"html":"append":"text"](c),a.removeClass("fade top bottom left right in"),a.find(".popover-title").html()||a.find(".popover-title").hide()\},c.prototype.hasContent=function()\{return this.getTitle()||this.getContent()\},c.prototype.getContent=function()\{var a=this.$element,b=this.options;return a.attr("data-content")||("function"==typeof b.content?b.content.call(a[0]):b.content)\},c.prototype.arrow=function()\{return this.$arrow=this.$arrow||this.tip().find(".arrow")\};var d=a.fn.popover;a.fn.popover=b,a.fn.popover.Constructor=c,a.fn.popover.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.popover=d,this\}\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(c,d)\{this.$body=a(document.body),this.$scrollElement=a(a(c).is(document.body)?window:c),this.options=a.extend(\{\},b.DEFAULTS,d),this.selector=(this.options.target||"")+" .nav li > a",this.offsets=[],this.targets=[],this.activeTarget=null,this.scrollHeight=0,this.$scrollElement.on("scroll.bs.scrollspy",a.proxy(this.process,this)),this.refresh(),this.process()\}function c(c)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.scrollspy"),f="object"==typeof c&&c;e||d.data("bs.scrollspy",e=new b(this,f)),"string"==typeof c&&e[c]()\})\}b.VERSION="3.3.6",b.DEFAULTS=\{offset:10\},b.prototype.getScrollHeight=function()\{return this.$scrollElement[0].scrollHeight||Math.max(this.$body[0].scrollHeight,document.documentElement.scrollHeight)\},b.prototype.refresh=function()\{var b=this,c="offset",d=0;this.offsets=[],this.targets=[],this.scrollHeight=this.getScrollHeight(),a.isWindow(this.$scrollElement[0])||(c="position",d=this.$scrollElement.scrollTop()),this.$body.find(this.selector).map(function()\{var b=a(this),e=b.data("target")||b.attr("href"),f=/^#./.test(e)&&a(e);return f&&f.length&&f.is(":visible")&&[[f[c]().top+d,e]]||null\}).sort(function(a,b)\{return a[0]-b[0]\}).each(function()\{b.offsets.push(this[0]),b.targets.push(this[1])\})\},b.prototype.process=function()\{var a,b=this.$scrollElement.scrollTop()+this.options.offset,c=this.getScrollHeight(),d=this.options.offset+c-this.$scrollElement.height(),e=this.offsets,f=this.targets,g=this.activeTarget;if(this.scrollHeight!=c&&this.refresh(),b>=d)return g!=(a=f[f.length-1])&&this.activate(a);if(g&&b<e[0])return this.activeTarget=null,this.clear();for(a=e.length;a--;)g!=f[a]&&b>=e[a]&&(void 0===e[a+1]||b<e[a+1])&&this.activate(f[a])\},b.prototype.activate=function(b)\{this.activeTarget=b,this.clear();var c=this.selector+'[data-target="'+b+'"],'+this.selector+'[href="'+b+'"]',d=a(c).parents("li").addClass("active");\par
}
}
{\xe \v b\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:b}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function b (  {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"use strict";var b=a.fn.jquery.split(" ")[0].split(".");if(b[0]<2&&b[1]<9||1==b[0]&&9==b[1]&&b[2]<1||b[0]>2)throw new Error("Bootstrap's JavaScript requires jQuery version 1.9.1 or higher, but lower than version 3")\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b()\{var a=document.createElement("bootstrap"),b=\{WebkitTransition:"webkitTransitionEnd",MozTransition:"transitionend",OTransition:"oTransitionEnd otransitionend",transition:"transitionend"\};for(var c in b)if(void 0!==a.style[c])return\{end:b[c]\};return!1\}a.fn.emulateTransitionEnd=function(b)\{var c=!1,d=this;a(this).one("bsTransitionEnd",function()\{c=!0\});var e=function()\{c||a(d).trigger(a.support.transition.end)\};return setTimeout(e,b),this\},a(function()\{a.support.transition=b(),a.support.transition&&(a.event.special.bsTransitionEnd=\{bindType:a.support.transition.end,delegateType:a.support.transition.end,handle:function(b)\{return a(b.target).is(this)?b.handleObj.handler.apply(this,arguments):void 0\}\})\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var c=a(this),e=c.data("bs.alert");e||c.data("bs.alert",e=new d(this)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b].call(c)\})\}var c='[data-dismiss="alert"]',d=function(b)\{a(b).on("click",c,this.close)\};d.VERSION="3.3.6",d.TRANSITION_DURATION=150,d.prototype.close=function(b)\{function c()\{g.detach().trigger("closed.bs.alert").remove()\}var e=a(this),f=e.attr("data-target");f||(f=e.attr("href"),f=f&&f.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]*$)/,""));var g=a(f);b&&b.preventDefault(),g.length||(g=e.closest(".alert")),g.trigger(b=a.Event("close.bs.alert")),b.isDefaultPrevented()||(g.removeClass("in"),a.support.transition&&g.hasClass("fade")?g.one("bsTransitionEnd",c).emulateTransitionEnd(d.TRANSITION_DURATION):c())\};var e=a.fn.alert;a.fn.alert=b,a.fn.alert.Constructor=d,a.fn.alert.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.alert=e,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.alert.data-api",c,d.prototype.close)\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.button"),f="object"==typeof b&&b;e||d.data("bs.button",e=new c(this,f)),"toggle"==b?e.toggle():b&&e.setState(b)\})\}var c=function(b,d)\{this.$element=a(b),this.options=a.extend(\{\},c.DEFAULTS,d),this.isLoading=!1\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.DEFAULTS=\{loadingText:"loading..."\},c.prototype.setState=function(b)\{var c="disabled",d=this.$element,e=d.is("input")?"val":"html",f=d.data();b+="Text",null==f.resetText&&d.data("resetText",d[e]()),setTimeout(a.proxy(function()\{d[e](null==f[b]?this.options[b]:f[b]),"loadingText"==b?(this.isLoading=!0,d.addClass(c).attr(c,c)):this.isLoading&&(this.isLoading=!1,d.removeClass(c).removeAttr(c))\},this),0)\},c.prototype.toggle=function()\{var a=!0,b=this.$element.closest('[data-toggle="buttons"]');if(b.length)\{var c=this.$element.find("input");"radio"==c.prop("type")?(c.prop("checked")&&(a=!1),b.find(".active").removeClass("active"),this.$element.addClass("active")):"checkbox"==c.prop("type")&&(c.prop("checked")!==this.$element.hasClass("active")&&(a=!1),this.$element.toggleClass("active")),c.prop("checked",this.$element.hasClass("active")),a&&c.trigger("change")\}else this.$element.attr("aria-pressed",!this.$element.hasClass("active")),this.$element.toggleClass("active")\};var d=a.fn.button;a.fn.button=b,a.fn.button.Constructor=c,a.fn.button.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.button=d,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.button.data-api",'[data-toggle^="button"]',function(c)\{var d=a(c.target);d.hasClass("btn")||(d=d.closest(".btn")),b.call(d,"toggle"),a(c.target).is('input[type="radio"]')||a(c.target).is('input[type="checkbox"]')||c.preventDefault()\}).on("focus.bs.button.data-api blur.bs.button.data-api",'[data-toggle^="button"]',function(b)\{a(b.target).closest(".btn").toggleClass("focus",/^focus(in)?$/.test(b.type))\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.carousel"),f=a.extend(\{\},c.DEFAULTS,d.data(),"object"==typeof b&&b),g="string"==typeof b?b:f.slide;e||d.data("bs.carousel",e=new c(this,f)),"number"==typeof b?e.to(b):g?e[g]():f.interval&&e.pause().cycle()\})\}var c=function(b,c)\{this.$element=a(b),this.$indicators=this.$element.find(".carousel-indicators"),this.options=c,this.paused=null,this.sliding=null,this.interval=null,this.$active=null,this.$items=null,this.options.keyboard&&this.$element.on("keydown.bs.carousel",a.proxy(this.keydown,this)),"hover"==this.options.pause&&!("ontouchstart"in document.documentElement)&&this.$element.on("mouseenter.bs.carousel",a.proxy(this.pause,this)).on("mouseleave.bs.carousel",a.proxy(this.cycle,this))\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.TRANSITION_DURATION=600,c.DEFAULTS=\{interval:5e3,pause:"hover",wrap:!0,keyboard:!0\},c.prototype.keydown=function(a)\{if(!/input|textarea/i.test(a.target.tagName))\{switch(a.which)\{case 37:this.prev();break;case 39:this.next();break;default:return\}a.preventDefault()\}\},c.prototype.cycle=function(b)\{return b||(this.paused=!1),this.interval&&clearInterval(this.interval),this.options.interval&&!this.paused&&(this.interval=setInterval(a.proxy(this.next,this),this.options.interval)),this\},c.prototype.getItemIndex=function(a)\{return this.$items=a.parent().children(".item"),this.$items.index(a||this.$active)\},c.prototype.getItemForDirection=function(a,b)\{var c=this.getItemIndex(b),d="prev"==a&&0===c||"next"==a&&c==this.$items.length-1;if(d&&!this.options.wrap)return b;var e="prev"==a?-1:1,f=(c+e)%this.$items.length;return this.$items.eq(f)\},c.prototype.to=function(a)\{var b=this,c=this.getItemIndex(this.$active=this.$element.find(".item.active"));return a>this.$items.length-1||0>a?void 0:this.sliding?this.$element.one("slid.bs.carousel",function()\{b.to(a)\}):c==a?this.pause().cycle():this.slide(a>c?"next":"prev",this.$items.eq(a))\},c.prototype.pause=function(b)\{return b||(this.paused=!0),this.$element.find(".next, .prev").length&&a.support.transition&&(this.$element.trigger(a.support.transition.end),this.cycle(!0)),this.interval=clearInterval(this.interval),this\},c.prototype.next=function()\{return this.sliding?void 0:this.slide("next")\},c.prototype.prev=function()\{return this.sliding?void 0:this.slide("prev")\},c.prototype.slide=function(b,d)\{var e=this.$element.find(".item.active"),f=d||this.getItemForDirection(b,e),g=this.interval,h="next"==b?"left":"right",i=this;if(f.hasClass("active"))return this.sliding=!1;var j=f[0],k=a.Event("slide.bs.carousel",\{relatedTarget:j,direction:h\});if(this.$element.trigger(k),!k.isDefaultPrevented())\{if(this.sliding=!0,g&&this.pause(),this.$indicators.length)\{this.$indicators.find(".active").removeClass("active");var l=a(this.$indicators.children()[this.getItemIndex(f)]);l&&l.addClass("active")\}var m=a.Event("slid.bs.carousel",\{relatedTarget:j,direction:h\});return a.support.transition&&this.$element.hasClass("slide")?(f.addClass(b),f[0].offsetWidth,e.addClass(h),f.addClass(h),e.one("bsTransitionEnd",function()\{f.removeClass([b,h].join(" ")).addClass("active"),e.removeClass(["active",h].join(" ")),i.sliding=!1,setTimeout(function()\{i.$element.trigger(m)\},0)\}).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION)):(e.removeClass("active"),f.addClass("active"),this.sliding=!1,this.$element.trigger(m)),g&&this.cycle(),this\}\};var d=a.fn.carousel;a.fn.carousel=b,a.fn.carousel.Constructor=c,a.fn.carousel.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.carousel=d,this\};var e=function(c)\{var d,e=a(this),f=a(e.attr("data-target")||(d=e.attr("href"))&&d.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]+$)/,""));if(f.hasClass("carousel"))\{var g=a.extend(\{\},f.data(),e.data()),h=e.attr("data-slide-to");h&&(g.interval=!1),b.call(f,g),h&&f.data("bs.carousel").to(h),c.preventDefault()\}\};a(document).on("click.bs.carousel.data-api","[data-slide]",e).on("click.bs.carousel.data-api","[data-slide-to]",e),a(window).on("load",function()\{a('[data-ride="carousel"]').each(function()\{var c=a(this);b.call(c,c.data())\})\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{var c,d=b.attr("data-target")||(c=b.attr("href"))&&c.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]+$)/,"");return a(d)\}function c(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var c=a(this),e=c.data("bs.collapse"),f=a.extend(\{\},d.DEFAULTS,c.data(),"object"==typeof b&&b);!e&&f.toggle&&/show|hide/.test(b)&&(f.toggle=!1),e||c.data("bs.collapse",e=new d(this,f)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b]()\})\}var d=function(b,c)\{this.$element=a(b),this.options=a.extend(\{\},d.DEFAULTS,c),this.$trigger=a('[data-toggle="collapse"][href="#'+b.id+'"],[data-toggle="collapse"][data-target="#'+b.id+'"]'),this.transitioning=null,this.options.parent?this.$parent=this.getParent():this.addAriaAndCollapsedClass(this.$element,this.$trigger),this.options.toggle&&this.toggle()\};d.VERSION="3.3.6",d.TRANSITION_DURATION=350,d.DEFAULTS=\{toggle:!0\},d.prototype.dimension=function()\{var a=this.$element.hasClass("width");return a?"width":"height"\},d.prototype.show=function()\{if(!this.transitioning&&!this.$element.hasClass("in"))\{var b,e=this.$parent&&this.$parent.children(".panel").children(".in, .collapsing");if(!(e&&e.length&&(b=e.data("bs.collapse"),b&&b.transitioning)))\{var f=a.Event("show.bs.collapse");if(this.$element.trigger(f),!f.isDefaultPrevented())\{e&&e.length&&(c.call(e,"hide"),b||e.data("bs.collapse",null));var g=this.dimension();this.$element.removeClass("collapse").addClass("collapsing")[g](0).attr("aria-expanded",!0),this.$trigger.removeClass("collapsed").attr("aria-expanded",!0),this.transitioning=1;var h=function()\{this.$element.removeClass("collapsing").addClass("collapse in")[g](""),this.transitioning=0,this.$element.trigger("shown.bs.collapse")\};if(!a.support.transition)return h.call(this);var i=a.camelCase(["scroll",g].join("-"));this.$element.one("bsTransitionEnd",a.proxy(h,this)).emulateTransitionEnd(d.TRANSITION_DURATION)[g](this.$element[0][i])\}\}\}\},d.prototype.hide=function()\{if(!this.transitioning&&this.$element.hasClass("in"))\{var b=a.Event("hide.bs.collapse");if(this.$element.trigger(b),!b.isDefaultPrevented())\{var c=this.dimension();this.$element[c](this.$element[c]())[0].offsetHeight,this.$element.addClass("collapsing").removeClass("collapse in").attr("aria-expanded",!1),this.$trigger.addClass("collapsed").attr("aria-expanded",!1),this.transitioning=1;var e=function()\{this.transitioning=0,this.$element.removeClass("collapsing").addClass("collapse").trigger("hidden.bs.collapse")\};return a.support.transition?void this.$element[c](0).one("bsTransitionEnd",a.proxy(e,this)).emulateTransitionEnd(d.TRANSITION_DURATION):e.call(this)\}\}\},d.prototype.toggle=function()\{this[this.$element.hasClass("in")?"hide":"show"]()\},d.prototype.getParent=function()\{return a(this.options.parent).find('[data-toggle="collapse"][data-parent="'+this.options.parent+'"]').each(a.proxy(function(c,d)\{var e=a(d);this.addAriaAndCollapsedClass(b(e),e)\},this)).end()\},d.prototype.addAriaAndCollapsedClass=function(a,b)\{var c=a.hasClass("in");a.attr("aria-expanded",c),b.toggleClass("collapsed",!c).attr("aria-expanded",c)\};var e=a.fn.collapse;a.fn.collapse=c,a.fn.collapse.Constructor=d,a.fn.collapse.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.collapse=e,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.collapse.data-api",'[data-toggle="collapse"]',function(d)\{var e=a(this);e.attr("data-target")||d.preventDefault();var f=b(e),g=f.data("bs.collapse"),h=g?"toggle":e.data();c.call(f,h)\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{var c=b.attr("data-target");c||(c=b.attr("href"),c=c&&/#[A-Za-z]/.test(c)&&c.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]*$)/,""));var d=c&&a(c);return d&&d.length?d:b.parent()\}function c(c)\{c&&3===c.which||(a(e).remove(),a(f).each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=b(d),f=\{relatedTarget:this\};e.hasClass("open")&&(c&&"click"==c.type&&/input|textarea/i.test(c.target.tagName)&&a.contains(e[0],c.target)||(e.trigger(c=a.Event("hide.bs.dropdown",f)),c.isDefaultPrevented()||(d.attr("aria-expanded","false"),e.removeClass("open").trigger(a.Event("hidden.bs.dropdown",f)))))\}))\}function d(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var c=a(this),d=c.data("bs.dropdown");d||c.data("bs.dropdown",d=new g(this)),"string"==typeof b&&d[b].call(c)\})\}var e=".dropdown-backdrop",f='[data-toggle="dropdown"]',g=function(b)\{a(b).on("click.bs.dropdown",this.toggle)\};g.VERSION="3.3.6",g.prototype.toggle=function(d)\{var e=a(this);if(!e.is(".disabled, :disabled"))\{var f=b(e),g=f.hasClass("open");if(c(),!g)\{"ontouchstart"in document.documentElement&&!f.closest(".navbar-nav").length&&a(document.createElement("div")).addClass("dropdown-backdrop").insertAfter(a(this)).on("click",c);var h=\{relatedTarget:this\};if(f.trigger(d=a.Event("show.bs.dropdown",h)),d.isDefaultPrevented())return;e.trigger("focus").attr("aria-expanded","true"),f.toggleClass("open").trigger(a.Event("shown.bs.dropdown",h))\}return!1\}\},g.prototype.keydown=function(c)\{if(/(38|40|27|32)/.test(c.which)&&!/input|textarea/i.test(c.target.tagName))\{var d=a(this);if(c.preventDefault(),c.stopPropagation(),!d.is(".disabled, :disabled"))\{var e=b(d),g=e.hasClass("open");if(!g&&27!=c.which||g&&27==c.which)return 27==c.which&&e.find(f).trigger("focus"),d.trigger("click");var h=" li:not(.disabled):visible a",i=e.find(".dropdown-menu"+h);if(i.length)\{var j=i.index(c.target);38==c.which&&j>0&&j--,40==c.which&&j<i.length-1&&j++,~j||(j=0),i.eq(j).trigger("focus")\}\}\}\};var h=a.fn.dropdown;a.fn.dropdown=d,a.fn.dropdown.Constructor=g,a.fn.dropdown.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.dropdown=h,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.dropdown.data-api",c).on("click.bs.dropdown.data-api",".dropdown form",function(a)\{a.stopPropagation()\}).on("click.bs.dropdown.data-api",f,g.prototype.toggle).on("keydown.bs.dropdown.data-api",f,g.prototype.keydown).on("keydown.bs.dropdown.data-api",".dropdown-menu",g.prototype.keydown)\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b,d)\{return this.each(function()\{var e=a(this),f=e.data("bs.modal"),g=a.extend(\{\},c.DEFAULTS,e.data(),"object"==typeof b&&b);f||e.data("bs.modal",f=new c(this,g)),"string"==typeof b?f[b](d):g.show&&f.show(d)\})\}var c=function(b,c)\{this.options=c,this.$body=a(document.body),this.$element=a(b),this.$dialog=this.$element.find(".modal-dialog"),this.$backdrop=null,this.isShown=null,this.originalBodyPad=null,this.scrollbarWidth=0,this.ignoreBackdropClick=!1,this.options.remote&&this.$element.find(".modal-content").load(this.options.remote,a.proxy(function()\{this.$element.trigger("loaded.bs.modal")\},this))\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.TRANSITION_DURATION=300,c.BACKDROP_TRANSITION_DURATION=150,c.DEFAULTS=\{backdrop:!0,keyboard:!0,show:!0\},c.prototype.toggle=function(a)\{return this.isShown?this.hide():this.show(a)\},c.prototype.show=function(b)\{var d=this,e=a.Event("show.bs.modal",\{relatedTarget:b\});this.$element.trigger(e),this.isShown||e.isDefaultPrevented()||(this.isShown=!0,this.checkScrollbar(),this.setScrollbar(),this.$body.addClass("modal-open"),this.escape(),this.resize(),this.$element.on("click.dismiss.bs.modal",'[data-dismiss="modal"]',a.proxy(this.hide,this)),this.$dialog.on("mousedown.dismiss.bs.modal",function()\{d.$element.one("mouseup.dismiss.bs.modal",function(b)\{a(b.target).is(d.$element)&&(d.ignoreBackdropClick=!0)\})\}),this.backdrop(function()\{var e=a.support.transition&&d.$element.hasClass("fade");d.$element.parent().length||d.$element.appendTo(d.$body),d.$element.show().scrollTop(0),d.adjustDialog(),e&&d.$element[0].offsetWidth,d.$element.addClass("in"),d.enforceFocus();var f=a.Event("shown.bs.modal",\{relatedTarget:b\});e?d.$dialog.one("bsTransitionEnd",function()\{d.$element.trigger("focus").trigger(f)\}).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):d.$element.trigger("focus").trigger(f)\}))\},c.prototype.hide=function(b)\{b&&b.preventDefault(),b=a.Event("hide.bs.modal"),this.$element.trigger(b),this.isShown&&!b.isDefaultPrevented()&&(this.isShown=!1,this.escape(),this.resize(),a(document).off("focusin.bs.modal"),this.$element.removeClass("in").off("click.dismiss.bs.modal").off("mouseup.dismiss.bs.modal"),this.$dialog.off("mousedown.dismiss.bs.modal"),a.support.transition&&this.$element.hasClass("fade")?this.$element.one("bsTransitionEnd",a.proxy(this.hideModal,this)).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):this.hideModal())\},c.prototype.enforceFocus=function()\{a(document).off("focusin.bs.modal").on("focusin.bs.modal",a.proxy(function(a)\{this.$element[0]===a.target||this.$element.has(a.target).length||this.$element.trigger("focus")\},this))\},c.prototype.escape=function()\{this.isShown&&this.options.keyboard?this.$element.on("keydown.dismiss.bs.modal",a.proxy(function(a)\{27==a.which&&this.hide()\},this)):this.isShown||this.$element.off("keydown.dismiss.bs.modal")\},c.prototype.resize=function()\{this.isShown?a(window).on("resize.bs.modal",a.proxy(this.handleUpdate,this)):a(window).off("resize.bs.modal")\},c.prototype.hideModal=function()\{var a=this;this.$element.hide(),this.backdrop(function()\{a.$body.removeClass("modal-open"),a.resetAdjustments(),a.resetScrollbar(),a.$element.trigger("hidden.bs.modal")\})\},c.prototype.removeBackdrop=function()\{this.$backdrop&&this.$backdrop.remove(),this.$backdrop=null\},c.prototype.backdrop=function(b)\{var d=this,e=this.$element.hasClass("fade")?"fade":"";if(this.isShown&&this.options.backdrop)\{var f=a.support.transition&&e;if(this.$backdrop=a(document.createElement("div")).addClass("modal-backdrop "+e).appendTo(this.$body),this.$element.on("click.dismiss.bs.modal",a.proxy(function(a)\{return this.ignoreBackdropClick?void(this.ignoreBackdropClick=!1):void(a.target===a.currentTarget&&("static"==this.options.backdrop?this.$element[0].focus():this.hide()))\},this)),f&&this.$backdrop[0].offsetWidth,this.$backdrop.addClass("in"),!b)return;f?this.$backdrop.one("bsTransitionEnd",b).emulateTransitionEnd(c.BACKDROP_TRANSITION_DURATION):b()\}else if(!this.isShown&&this.$backdrop)\{this.$backdrop.removeClass("in");var g=function()\{d.removeBackdrop(),b&&b()\};a.support.transition&&this.$element.hasClass("fade")?this.$backdrop.one("bsTransitionEnd",g).emulateTransitionEnd(c.BACKDROP_TRANSITION_DURATION):g()\}else b&&b()\},c.prototype.handleUpdate=function()\{this.adjustDialog()\},c.prototype.adjustDialog=function()\{var a=this.$element[0].scrollHeight>document.documentElement.clientHeight;this.$element.css(\{paddingLeft:!this.bodyIsOverflowing&&a?this.scrollbarWidth:"",paddingRight:this.bodyIsOverflowing&&!a?this.scrollbarWidth:""\})\},c.prototype.resetAdjustments=function()\{this.$element.css(\{paddingLeft:"",paddingRight:""\})\},c.prototype.checkScrollbar=function()\{var a=window.innerWidth;if(!a)\{var b=document.documentElement.getBoundingClientRect();a=b.right-Math.abs(b.left)\}this.bodyIsOverflowing=document.body.clientWidth<a,this.scrollbarWidth=this.measureScrollbar()\},c.prototype.setScrollbar=function()\{var a=parseInt(this.$body.css("padding-right")||0,10);this.originalBodyPad=document.body.style.paddingRight||"",this.bodyIsOverflowing&&this.$body.css("padding-right",a+this.scrollbarWidth)\},c.prototype.resetScrollbar=function()\{this.$body.css("padding-right",this.originalBodyPad)\},c.prototype.measureScrollbar=function()\{var a=document.createElement("div");a.className="modal-scrollbar-measure",this.$body.append(a);var b=a.offsetWidth-a.clientWidth;return this.$body[0].removeChild(a),b\};var d=a.fn.modal;a.fn.modal=b,a.fn.modal.Constructor=c,a.fn.modal.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.modal=d,this\},a(document).on("click.bs.modal.data-api",'[data-toggle="modal"]',function(c)\{var d=a(this),e=d.attr("href"),f=a(d.attr("data-target")||e&&e.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\s]+$)/,"")),g=f.data("bs.modal")?"toggle":a.extend(\{remote:!/#/.test(e)&&e\},f.data(),d.data());d.is("a")&&c.preventDefault(),f.one("show.bs.modal",function(a)\{a.isDefaultPrevented()||f.one("hidden.bs.modal",function()\{d.is(":visible")&&d.trigger("focus")\})\}),b.call(f,g,this)\})\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.tooltip"),f="object"==typeof b&&b;(e||!/destroy|hide/.test(b))&&(e||d.data("bs.tooltip",e=new c(this,f)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b]())\})\}var c=function(a,b)\{this.type=null,this.options=null,this.enabled=null,this.timeout=null,this.hoverState=null,this.$element=null,this.inState=null,this.init("tooltip",a,b)\};c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.TRANSITION_DURATION=150,c.DEFAULTS=\{animation:!0,placement:"top",selector:!1,template:'<div class="tooltip" role="tooltip"><div class="tooltip-arrow"></div><div class="tooltip-inner"></div></div>',trigger:"hover focus",title:"",delay:0,html:!1,container:!1,viewport:\{selector:"body",padding:0\}\},c.prototype.init=function(b,c,d)\{if(this.enabled=!0,this.type=b,this.$element=a(c),this.options=this.getOptions(d),this.$viewport=this.options.viewport&&a(a.isFunction(this.options.viewport)?this.options.viewport.call(this,this.$element):this.options.viewport.selector||this.options.viewport),this.inState=\{click:!1,hover:!1,focus:!1\},this.$element[0]instanceof document.constructor&&!this.options.selector)throw new Error("`selector` option must be specified when initializing "+this.type+" on the window.document object!");for(var e=this.options.trigger.split(" "),f=e.length;f--;)\{var g=e[f];if("click"==g)this.$element.on("click."+this.type,this.options.selector,a.proxy(this.toggle,this));else if("manual"!=g)\{var h="hover"==g?"mouseenter":"focusin",i="hover"==g?"mouseleave":"focusout";this.$element.on(h+"."+this.type,this.options.selector,a.proxy(this.enter,this)),this.$element.on(i+"."+this.type,this.options.selector,a.proxy(this.leave,this))\}\}this.options.selector?this._options=a.extend(\{\},this.options,\{trigger:"manual",selector:""\}):this.fixTitle()\},c.prototype.getDefaults=function()\{return c.DEFAULTS\},c.prototype.getOptions=function(b)\{return b=a.extend(\{\},this.getDefaults(),this.$element.data(),b),b.delay&&"number"==typeof b.delay&&(b.delay=\{show:b.delay,hide:b.delay\}),b\},c.prototype.getDelegateOptions=function()\{var b=\{\},c=this.getDefaults();return this._options&&a.each(this._options,function(a,d)\{c[a]!=d&&(b[a]=d)\}),b\},c.prototype.enter=function(b)\{var c=b instanceof this.constructor?b:a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type);return c||(c=new this.constructor(b.currentTarget,this.getDelegateOptions()),a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type,c)),b instanceof a.Event&&(c.inState["focusin"==b.type?"focus":"hover"]=!0),c.tip().hasClass("in")||"in"==c.hoverState?void(c.hoverState="in"):(clearTimeout(c.timeout),c.hoverState="in",c.options.delay&&c.options.delay.show?void(c.timeout=setTimeout(function()\{"in"==c.hoverState&&c.show()\},c.options.delay.show)):c.show())\},c.prototype.isInStateTrue=function()\{for(var a in this.inState)if(this.inState[a])return!0;return!1\},c.prototype.leave=function(b)\{var c=b instanceof this.constructor?b:a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type);return c||(c=new this.constructor(b.currentTarget,this.getDelegateOptions()),a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type,c)),b instanceof a.Event&&(c.inState["focusout"==b.type?"focus":"hover"]=!1),c.isInStateTrue()?void 0:(clearTimeout(c.timeout),c.hoverState="out",c.options.delay&&c.options.delay.hide?void(c.timeout=setTimeout(function()\{"out"==c.hoverState&&c.hide()\},c.options.delay.hide)):c.hide())\},c.prototype.show=function()\{var b=a.Event("show.bs."+this.type);if(this.hasContent()&&this.enabled)\{this.$element.trigger(b);var d=a.contains(this.$element[0].ownerDocument.documentElement,this.$element[0]);if(b.isDefaultPrevented()||!d)return;var e=this,f=this.tip(),g=this.getUID(this.type);this.setContent(),f.attr("id",g),this.$element.attr("aria-describedby",g),this.options.animation&&f.addClass("fade");var h="function"==typeof this.options.placement?this.options.placement.call(this,f[0],this.$element[0]):this.options.placement,i=/\\s?auto?\\s?/i,j=i.test(h);j&&(h=h.replace(i,"")||"top"),f.detach().css(\{top:0,left:0,display:"block"\}).addClass(h).data("bs."+this.type,this),this.options.container?f.appendTo(this.options.container):f.insertAfter(this.$element),this.$element.trigger("inserted.bs."+this.type);var k=this.getPosition(),l=f[0].offsetWidth,m=f[0].offsetHeight;if(j)\{var n=h,o=this.getPosition(this.$viewport);h="bottom"==h&&k.bottom+m>o.bottom?"top":"top"==h&&k.top-m<o.top?"bottom":"right"==h&&k.right+l>o.width?"left":"left"==h&&k.left-l<o.left?"right":h,f.removeClass(n).addClass(h)\}var p=this.getCalculatedOffset(h,k,l,m);this.applyPlacement(p,h);var q=function()\{var a=e.hoverState;e.$element.trigger("shown.bs."+e.type),e.hoverState=null,"out"==a&&e.leave(e)\};a.support.transition&&this.$tip.hasClass("fade")?f.one("bsTransitionEnd",q).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):q()\}\},c.prototype.applyPlacement=function(b,c)\{var d=this.tip(),e=d[0].offsetWidth,f=d[0].offsetHeight,g=parseInt(d.css("margin-top"),10),h=parseInt(d.css("margin-left"),10);isNaN(g)&&(g=0),isNaN(h)&&(h=0),b.top+=g,b.left+=h,a.offset.setOffset(d[0],a.extend(\{using:function(a)\{d.css(\{top:Math.round(a.top),left:Math.round(a.left)\})\}\},b),0),d.addClass("in");var i=d[0].offsetWidth,j=d[0].offsetHeight;"top"==c&&j!=f&&(b.top=b.top+f-j);var k=this.getViewportAdjustedDelta(c,b,i,j);k.left?b.left+=k.left:b.top+=k.top;var l=/top|bottom/.test(c),m=l?2*k.left-e+i:2*k.top-f+j,n=l?"offsetWidth":"offsetHeight";d.offset(b),this.replaceArrow(m,d[0][n],l)\},c.prototype.replaceArrow=function(a,b,c)\{this.arrow().css(c?"left":"top",50*(1-a/b)+"%").css(c?"top":"left","")\},c.prototype.setContent=function()\{var a=this.tip(),b=this.getTitle();a.find(".tooltip-inner")[this.options.html?"html":"text"](b),a.removeClass("fade in top bottom left right")\},c.prototype.hide=function(b)\{function d()\{"in"!=e.hoverState&&f.detach(),e.$element.removeAttr("aria-describedby").trigger("hidden.bs."+e.type),b&&b()\}var e=this,f=a(this.$tip),g=a.Event("hide.bs."+this.type);return this.$element.trigger(g),g.isDefaultPrevented()?void 0:(f.removeClass("in"),a.support.transition&&f.hasClass("fade")?f.one("bsTransitionEnd",d).emulateTransitionEnd(c.TRANSITION_DURATION):d(),this.hoverState=null,this)\},c.prototype.fixTitle=function()\{var a=this.$element;(a.attr("title")||"string"!=typeof a.attr("data-original-title"))&&a.attr("data-original-title",a.attr("title")||"").attr("title","")\},c.prototype.hasContent=function()\{return this.getTitle()\},c.prototype.getPosition=function(b)\{b=b||this.$element;var c=b[0],d="BODY"==c.tagName,e=c.getBoundingClientRect();null==e.width&&(e=a.extend(\{\},e,\{width:e.right-e.left,height:e.bottom-e.top\}));var f=d?\{top:0,left:0\}:b.offset(),g=\{scroll:d?document.documentElement.scrollTop||document.body.scrollTop:b.scrollTop()\},h=d?\{width:a(window).width(),height:a(window).height()\}:null;return a.extend(\{\},e,g,h,f)\},c.prototype.getCalculatedOffset=function(a,b,c,d)\{return"bottom"==a?\{top:b.top+b.height,left:b.left+b.width/2-c/2\}:"top"==a?\{top:b.top-d,left:b.left+b.width/2-c/2\}:"left"==a?\{top:b.top+b.height/2-d/2,left:b.left-c\}:\{top:b.top+b.height/2-d/2,left:b.left+b.width\}\},c.prototype.getViewportAdjustedDelta=function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=\{top:0,left:0\};if(!this.$viewport)return e;var f=this.options.viewport&&this.options.viewport.padding||0,g=this.getPosition(this.$viewport);if(/right|left/.test(a))\{var h=b.top-f-g.scroll,i=b.top+f-g.scroll+d;h<g.top?e.top=g.top-h:i>g.top+g.height&&(e.top=g.top+g.height-i)\}else\{var j=b.left-f,k=b.left+f+c;j<g.left?e.left=g.left-j:k>g.right&&(e.left=g.left+g.width-k)\}return e\},c.prototype.getTitle=function()\{var a,b=this.$element,c=this.options;return a=b.attr("data-original-title")||("function"==typeof c.title?c.title.call(b[0]):c.title)\},c.prototype.getUID=function(a)\{do a+=~~(1e6*Math.random());while(document.getElementById(a));return a\},c.prototype.tip=function()\{if(!this.$tip&&(this.$tip=a(this.options.template),1!=this.$tip.length))throw new Error(this.type+" `template` option must consist of exactly 1 top-level element!");return this.$tip\},c.prototype.arrow=function()\{return this.$arrow=this.$arrow||this.tip().find(".tooltip-arrow")\},c.prototype.enable=function()\{this.enabled=!0\},c.prototype.disable=function()\{this.enabled=!1\},c.prototype.toggleEnabled=function()\{this.enabled=!this.enabled\},c.prototype.toggle=function(b)\{var c=this;b&&(c=a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type),c||(c=new this.constructor(b.currentTarget,this.getDelegateOptions()),a(b.currentTarget).data("bs."+this.type,c))),b?(c.inState.click=!c.inState.click,c.isInStateTrue()?c.enter(c):c.leave(c)):c.tip().hasClass("in")?c.leave(c):c.enter(c)\},c.prototype.destroy=function()\{var a=this;clearTimeout(this.timeout),this.hide(function()\{a.$element.off("."+a.type).removeData("bs."+a.type),a.$tip&&a.$tip.detach(),a.$tip=null,a.$arrow=null,a.$viewport=null\})\};var d=a.fn.tooltip;a.fn.tooltip=b,a.fn.tooltip.Constructor=c,a.fn.tooltip.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.tooltip=d,this\}\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(b)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.popover"),f="object"==typeof b&&b;(e||!/destroy|hide/.test(b))&&(e||d.data("bs.popover",e=new c(this,f)),"string"==typeof b&&e[b]())\})\}var c=function(a,b)\{this.init("popover",a,b)\};if(!a.fn.tooltip)throw new Error("Popover requires tooltip.js");c.VERSION="3.3.6",c.DEFAULTS=a.extend(\{\},a.fn.tooltip.Constructor.DEFAULTS,\{placement:"right",trigger:"click",content:"",template:'<div class="popover" role="tooltip"><div class="arrow"></div><h3 class="popover-title"></h3><div class="popover-content"></div></div>'\}),c.prototype=a.extend(\{\},a.fn.tooltip.Constructor.prototype),c.prototype.constructor=c,c.prototype.getDefaults=function()\{return c.DEFAULTS\},c.prototype.setContent=function()\{var a=this.tip(),b=this.getTitle(),c=this.getContent();a.find(".popover-title")[this.options.html?"html":"text"](b),a.find(".popover-content").children().detach().end()[this.options.html?"string"==typeof c?"html":"append":"text"](c),a.removeClass("fade top bottom left right in"),a.find(".popover-title").html()||a.find(".popover-title").hide()\},c.prototype.hasContent=function()\{return this.getTitle()||this.getContent()\},c.prototype.getContent=function()\{var a=this.$element,b=this.options;return a.attr("data-content")||("function"==typeof b.content?b.content.call(a[0]):b.content)\},c.prototype.arrow=function()\{return this.$arrow=this.$arrow||this.tip().find(".arrow")\};var d=a.fn.popover;a.fn.popover=b,a.fn.popover.Constructor=c,a.fn.popover.noConflict=function()\{return a.fn.popover=d,this\}\}(jQuery),+function(a)\{"use strict";function b(c,d)\{this.$body=a(document.body),this.$scrollElement=a(a(c).is(document.body)?window:c),this.options=a.extend(\{\},b.DEFAULTS,d),this.selector=(this.options.target||"")+" .nav li > a",this.offsets=[],this.targets=[],this.activeTarget=null,this.scrollHeight=0,this.$scrollElement.on("scroll.bs.scrollspy",a.proxy(this.process,this)),this.refresh(),this.process()\}function c(c)\{return this.each(function()\{var d=a(this),e=d.data("bs.scrollspy"),f="object"==typeof c&&c;e||d.data("bs.scrollspy",e=new b(this,f)),"string"==typeof c&&e[c]()\})\}b.VERSION="3.3.6",b.DEFAULTS=\{offset:10\},b.prototype.getScrollHeight=function()\{return this.$scrollElement[0].scrollHeight||Math.max(this.$body[0].scrollHeight,document.documentElement.scrollHeight)\},b.prototype.refresh=function()\{var b=this,c="offset",d=0;this.offsets=[],this.targets=[],this.scrollHeight=this.getScrollHeight(),a.isWindow(this.$scrollElement[0])||(c="position",d=this.$scrollElement.scrollTop()),this.$body.find(this.selector).map(function()\{var b=a(this),e=b.data("target")||b.attr("href"),f=/^#./.test(e)&&a(e);return f&&f.length&&f.is(":visible")&&[[f[c]().top+d,e]]||null\}).sort(function(a,b)\{return a[0]-b[0]\}).each(function()\{b.offsets.push(this[0]),b.targets.push(this[1])\})\},b.prototype.process=function()\{var a,b=this.$scrollElement.scrollTop()+this.options.offset,c=this.getScrollHeight(),d=this.options.offset+c-this.$scrollElement.height(),e=this.offsets,f=this.targets,g=this.activeTarget;if(this.scrollHeight!=c&&this.refresh(),b>=d)return g!=(a=f[f.length-1])&&this.activate(a);if(g&&b<e[0])return this.activeTarget=null,this.clear();for(a=e.length;a--;)g!=f[a]&&b>=e[a]&&(void 0===e[a+1]||b<e[a+1])&&this.activate(f[a])\},b.prototype.activate=function(b)\{this.activeTarget=b,this.clear();var c=this.selector+'[data-target="'+b+'"],'+this.selector+'[href="'+b+'"]',d=a(c).parents("li").addClass("active");\par
}
}
{\xe \v close\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:close}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b a} {\b fn} {\b a} {\b fn} {\b alert} {\b a} {\b fn} {\b alert} {\b d} prototype close (  {\i jQuery})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v hasClass\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:hasClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b d} hasClass ("btn" )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v if\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:if}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
if (){\f2 [new]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v if\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:if}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
if ("undefined"  = {\f2 =typeof\~ {\b jQuery}}){\f2 [new]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Bootstrap v3.3.6 ({\f2 http://getbootstrap.com}) Copyright 2011-2015 Twitter, Inc. Licensed under the MIT license \par
}}
{\xe \v version\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:version}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
but lower than version (  {\i jQuery})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
a {\b fn} a {\b fn} {\b button} a {\b fn} {\b button} a \{"use strict"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v alert\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:alert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b a} {\b fn} alert ={\b b}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v b\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:b}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function b =a.fn.jquery.split(" ")[0].split(".")}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v button\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:button}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b a} {\b fn} button ={\b b}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v c\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:c}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function c ='[{\b data}-dismiss="alert"]'}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v close\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:close}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b d} {\b d} {\b d} prototype close =function({\b b})\{function {\b c}()\{g.detach().trigger("closed.bs.alert").remove()\}var {\b e}={\b a}({\b this}),{\b f}=e.attr("data-target");f||({\b f}=e.attr("href"),f={\b f}&&f.replace(/.*(?=#[^\\{\b s}]*$)/,""));var {\b g}={\b a}({\b f});{\b b}&&{\b b.preventDefault}(),g.length||({\b g}=e.closest(".alert")),g.trigger({\b b}=a.Event("close.bs.alert")),b.isDefaultPrevented()||(g.removeClass("in"),a.support.transition&&{\b g.hasClass}("fade")?g.one("bsTransitionEnd",c).{\b emulateTransitionEnd}({\b d.TRANSITION_DURATION}):{\b c}())\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Constructor\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:Constructor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b a} {\b fn} {\b a} {\b fn} {\b button} Constructor ={\b d}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v d\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:d}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var d =function({\b b})\{{\b a}({\b b}).{\b on}("click",c,{\b this.close})\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULTS\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:DEFAULTS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b c} {\b c} DEFAULTS =\{loadingText:"loading..."\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v e\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:e}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var e ={\b a.fn.alert}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v emulateTransitionEnd\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:emulateTransitionEnd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b a} {\b fn} emulateTransitionEnd =function({\b b})\{var {\b c}=!1,{\b d}={\b this};{\b a}({\b this}).one("bsTransitionEnd",function()\{{\b c}=!0\});var {\b e}=function()\{{\b c}||{\b a}({\b d}).trigger(a.support.transition.end)\};return setTimeout({\b e},{\b b}),{\b this}\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v noConflict\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:noConflict}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b a} {\b fn} {\b a} {\b fn} {\b button} {\b a} {\b fn} {\b button} noConflict =function()\{return {\b a.fn.alert}={\b e},{\b this}\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v setState\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:setState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b c} {\b c} {\b c} prototype setState =function({\b b})\{var {\b c}="disabled",d=this.$element,{\b e}=d.is("input")?"val":"html",f={\b d.data}();{\b b}+="Text",null==f.resetText&&{\b d.data}("resetText",d[{\b e}]()),setTimeout(a.proxy(function()\{{\b d}[{\b e}](null=={\b f}[{\b b}]?this.options[{\b b}]:{\b f}[{\b b}]),"loadingText"==b?(this.isLoading=!0,d.addClass({\b c}).attr({\b c},{\b c})):this.isLoading&&(this.isLoading=!1,d.removeClass({\b c}).removeAttr({\b c}))\},{\b this}),0)\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v toggle\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:toggle}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b c} {\b c} {\b c} prototype {\b c} prototype toggle =function()\{var {\b a}=!0,{\b b}=this.$element.closest('[{\b data}-toggle="buttons"]');if(b.length)\{var {\b c}=this.$element.find("input");"radio"==c.prop("type")?(c.prop("checked")&&(a=!1),b.find(".active").removeClass("active"),this.$element.addClass("active")):"checkbox"==c.prop("type")&&(c.prop("checked")!==this.$element.hasClass("active")&&(a=!1),this.$element.toggleClass("active")),c.prop("checked",this.$element.hasClass("active")),a&&c.trigger("change")\}else this.$element.attr("aria-pressed",!this.$element.hasClass("active")),this.$element.toggleClass("active")\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v TRANSITION_DURATION\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:TRANSITION_DURATION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b d} {\b d} TRANSITION_DURATION =150}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v VERSION\:bootstrap.min.js}
{\xe \v bootstrap.min.js\:VERSION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b c} VERSION ="3.3.6"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file bootstrap.min.js.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ie-emulation-modes-warning.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ie-emulation-modes-warning.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ie-emulation-modes-warning.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v actualNonEmulatedIEMajorVersion\:ie-emulation-modes-warning.js}
{\xe \v ie-emulation-modes-warning.js\:actualNonEmulatedIEMajorVersion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function actualNonEmulatedIEMajorVersion ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 24 of file ie-emulation-modes-warning.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    24                                              \{\par
   25     // Detects the actual version of IE in use, even if it's in an older-IE emulation mode.\par
   26     // IE JavaScript conditional compilation docs: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/121hztk3%28v=vs.94%29.aspx\par
   27     // @cc_on docs: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/8ka90k2e%28v=vs.94%29.aspx\par
   28     var jscriptVersion = new Function('/*@cc_on return @_jscript_version; @*/')() // jshint ignore:line\par
   29     if (jscriptVersion === undefined) \{\par
   30       return 11 // IE11+ not in emulation mode\par
   31     \}\par
   32     if (jscriptVersion < 9) \{\par
   33       return 8 // IE8 (or lower; haven't tested on IE<8)\par
   34     \}\par
   35     return jscriptVersion // IE9 or IE10 in any mode, or IE11 in non-IE11 mode\par
   36   \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v emulatedIEMajorVersion\:ie-emulation-modes-warning.js}
{\xe \v ie-emulation-modes-warning.js\:emulatedIEMajorVersion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function emulatedIEMajorVersion ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Copyright 2014-2015 Twitter, Inc.\par
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. For details, see {\f2 https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/}. \par
}{
Definition at line 14 of file ie-emulation-modes-warning.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    14                                     \{\par
   15     var groups = /MSIE ([0-9.]+)/.exec(window.navigator.userAgent)\par
   16     if (groups === null) \{\par
   17       return null\par
   18     \}\par
   19     var ieVersionNum = parseInt(groups[1], 10)\par
   20     var ieMajorVersion = Math.floor(ieVersionNum)\par
   21     return ieMajorVersion\par
   22   \}\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ua\:ie-emulation-modes-warning.js}
{\xe \v ie-emulation-modes-warning.js\:ua}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var ua}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = window.navigator.userAgent\par
  if (ua.indexOf('Opera') > -1 || ua.indexOf('Presto') > -1) \{\par
    return \par
  \}\par
  var emulated = emulatedIEMajorVersion()\par
  if (emulated === null) \{\par
    return \par
  \}\par
  var nonEmulated = actualNonEmulatedIEMajorVersion()\par
\par
  if (emulated !== nonEmulated) \{\par
    window.alert('WARNING: You appear to be using IE' + nonEmulated + ' in IE' + emulated + ' emulation mode.\\nIE emulation modes can behave significantly differently from ACTUAL older versions of IE.\\nPLEASE DON\\'T FILE BOOTSTRAP BUGS based on testing in IE emulation modes!')\par
  \}\par
\})()\par
}
{
Definition at line 38 of file ie-emulation-modes-warning.js.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v if\:ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js}
{\xe \v ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js\:if}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function if (navigator.userAgent.  {\i match}/IEMobile\\/10\\.0/)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
IE10 viewport hack for Surface/desktop Windows 8 bug Copyright 2014-2015 Twitter, Inc. Licensed under MIT ({\f2 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE}) \par
}{
Definition at line 13 of file ie10-viewport-bug-workaround.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    13                                                     \{\par
   14     var msViewportStyle = document.createElement('style')\par
   15     msViewportStyle.appendChild(\par
   16       document.createTextNode(\par
   17         '@-ms-viewport\{width:auto!important\}'\par
   18       )\par
   19     )\par
   20     document.querySelector('head').appendChild(msViewportStyle)\par
   21   \}\par
}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/jquery.min.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/jquery.min.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v !function\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:!function}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
!function (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
jQuery v2.1.4 | (c) 2005, 2015 jQuery Foundation, Inc. | jquery.org/license \par
}{
Definition at line 2 of file jquery.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     2 \{"object"==typeof module&&"object"==typeof module.exports?module.exports=a.document?b(a,!0):function(a)\{if(!a.document)throw new Error("jQuery requires a window with a document");return b(a)\}:b(a)\}("undefined"!=typeof window?window:this,function(a,b)\{var c=[],d=c.slice,e=c.concat,f=c.push,g=c.indexOf,h=\{\},i=h.toString,j=h.hasOwnProperty,k=\{\},l=a.document,m="2.1.4",n=function(a,b)\{return new n.fn.init(a,b)\},o=/^[\\s\\uFEFF\\xA0]+|[\\s\\uFEFF\\xA0]+$/g,p=/^-ms-/,q=/-([\\da-z])/gi,r=function(a,b)\{return b.toUpperCase()\};n.fn=n.prototype=\{jquery:m,constructor:n,selector:"",length:0,toArray:function()\{return d.call(this)\},get:function(a)\{return null!=a?0>a?this[a+this.length]:this[a]:d.call(this)\},pushStack:function(a)\{var b=n.merge(this.constructor(),a);return b.prevObject=this,b.context=this.context,b\},each:function(a,b)\{return n.each(this,a,b)\},map:function(a)\{return this.pushStack(n.map(this,function(b,c)\{return a.call(b,c,b)\}))\},slice:function()\{return this.pushStack(d.apply(this,arguments))\},first:function()\{return this.eq(0)\},last:function()\{return this.eq(-1)\},eq:function(a)\{var b=this.length,c=+a+(0>a?b:0);return this.pushStack(c>=0&&b>c?[this[c]]:[])\},end:function()\{return this.prevObject||this.constructor(null)\},push:f,sort:c.sort,splice:c.splice\},n.extend=n.fn.extend=function()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f,g=arguments[0]||\{\},h=1,i=arguments.length,j=!1;for("boolean"==typeof g&&(j=g,g=arguments[h]||\{\},h++),"object"==typeof g||n.isFunction(g)||(g=\{\}),h===i&&(g=this,h--);i>h;h++)if(null!=(a=arguments[h]))for(b in a)c=g[b],d=a[b],g!==d&&(j&&d&&(n.isPlainObject(d)||(e=n.isArray(d)))?(e?(e=!1,f=c&&n.isArray(c)?c:[]):f=c&&n.isPlainObject(c)?c:\{\},g[b]=n.extend(j,f,d)):void 0!==d&&(g[b]=d));return g\},n.extend(\{expando:"jQuery"+(m+Math.random()).replace(/\\D/g,""),isReady:!0,error:function(a)\{throw new Error(a)\},noop:function()\{\},isFunction:function(a)\{return"function"===n.type(a)\},isArray:Array.isArray,isWindow:function(a)\{return null!=a&&a===a.window\},isNumeric:function(a)\{return!n.isArray(a)&&a-parseFloat(a)+1>=0\},isPlainObject:function(a)\{return"object"!==n.type(a)||a.nodeType||n.isWindow(a)?!1:a.constructor&&!j.call(a.constructor.prototype,"isPrototypeOf")?!1:!0\},isEmptyObject:function(a)\{var b;for(b in a)return!1;return!0\},type:function(a)\{return null==a?a+"":"object"==typeof a||"function"==typeof a?h[i.call(a)]||"object":typeof a\},globalEval:function(a)\{var b,c=eval;a=n.trim(a),a&&(1===a.indexOf("use strict")?(b=l.createElement("script"),b.text=a,l.head.appendChild(b).parentNode.removeChild(b)):c(a))\},camelCase:function(a)\{return a.replace(p,"ms-").replace(q,r)\},nodeName:function(a,b)\{return a.nodeName&&a.nodeName.toLowerCase()===b.toLowerCase()\},each:function(a,b,c)\{var d,e=0,f=a.length,g=s(a);if(c)\{if(g)\{for(;f>e;e++)if(d=b.apply(a[e],c),d===!1)break\}else for(e in a)if(d=b.apply(a[e],c),d===!1)break\}else if(g)\{for(;f>e;e++)if(d=b.call(a[e],e,a[e]),d===!1)break\}else for(e in a)if(d=b.call(a[e],e,a[e]),d===!1)break;return a\},trim:function(a)\{return null==a?"":(a+"").replace(o,"")\},makeArray:function(a,b)\{var c=b||[];return null!=a&&(s(Object(a))?n.merge(c,"string"==typeof a?[a]:a):f.call(c,a)),c\},inArray:function(a,b,c)\{return null==b?-1:g.call(b,a,c)\},merge:function(a,b)\{for(var c=+b.length,d=0,e=a.length;c>d;d++)a[e++]=b[d];return a.length=e,a\},grep:function(a,b,c)\{for(var d,e=[],f=0,g=a.length,h=!c;g>f;f++)d=!b(a[f],f),d!==h&&e.push(a[f]);return e\},map:function(a,b,c)\{var d,f=0,g=a.length,h=s(a),i=[];if(h)for(;g>f;f++)d=b(a[f],f,c),null!=d&&i.push(d);else for(f in a)d=b(a[f],f,c),null!=d&&i.push(d);return e.apply([],i)\},guid:1,proxy:function(a,b)\{var c,e,f;return"string"==typeof b&&(c=a[b],b=a,a=c),n.isFunction(a)?(e=d.call(arguments,2),f=function()\{return a.apply(b||this,e.concat(d.call(arguments)))\},f.guid=a.guid=a.guid||n.guid++,f):void 0\},now:Date.now,support:k\}),n.each("Boolean Number String Function Array Date RegExp Object Error".split(" "),function(a,b)\{h["[object "+b+"]"]=b.toLowerCase()\});function s(a)\{var b="length"in a&&a.length,c=n.type(a);return"function"===c||n.isWindow(a)?!1:1===a.nodeType&&b?!0:"array"===c||0===b||"number"==typeof b&&b>0&&b-1 in a\}var t=function(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j,k,l,m,n,o,p,q,r,s,t,u="sizzle"+1*new Date,v=a.document,w=0,x=0,y=ha(),z=ha(),A=ha(),B=function(a,b)\{return a===b&&(l=!0),0\},C=1<<31,D=\{\}.hasOwnProperty,E=[],F=E.pop,G=E.push,H=E.push,I=E.slice,J=function(a,b)\{for(var c=0,d=a.length;d>c;c++)if(a[c]===b)return c;return-1\},K="checked|selected|async|autofocus|autoplay|controls|defer|disabled|hidden|ismap|loop|multiple|open|readonly|required|scoped",L="[\\\\x20\\\\t\\\\r\\\\n\\\\f]",M="(?:\\\\\\\\.|[\\\\w-]|[^\\\\x00-\\\\xa0])+",N=M.replace("w","w#"),O="\\\\["+L+"*("+M+")(?:"+L+"*([*^$|!~]?=)"+L+"*(?:'((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\'])*)'|\\"((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\\\"])*)\\"|("+N+"))|)"+L+"*\\\\]",P=":("+M+")(?:\\\\((('((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\'])*)'|\\"((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\\\"])*)\\")|((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\()[\\\\]]|"+O+")*)|.*)\\\\)|)",Q=new RegExp(L+"+","g"),R=new RegExp("^"+L+"+|((?:^|[^\\\\\\\\])(?:\\\\\\\\.)*)"+L+"+$","g"),S=new RegExp("^"+L+"*,"+L+"*"),T=new RegExp("^"+L+"*([>+~]|"+L+")"+L+"*"),U=new RegExp("="+L+"*([^\\\\]'\\"]*?)"+L+"*\\\\]","g"),V=new RegExp(P),W=new RegExp("^"+N+"$"),X=\{ID:new RegExp("^#("+M+")"),CLASS:new RegExp("^\\\\.("+M+")"),TAG:new RegExp("^("+M.replace("w","w*")+")"),ATTR:new RegExp("^"+O),PSEUDO:new RegExp("^"+P),CHILD:new RegExp("^:(only|first|last|nth|nth-last)-(child|of-type)(?:\\\\("+L+"*(even|odd|(([+-]|)(\\\\d*)n|)"+L+"*(?:([+-]|)"+L+"*(\\\\d+)|))"+L+"*\\\\)|)","i"),bool:new RegExp("^(?:"+K+")$","i"),needsContext:new RegExp("^"+L+"*[>+~]|:(even|odd|eq|gt|lt|nth|first|last)(?:\\\\("+L+"*((?:-\\\\d)?\\\\d*)"+L+"*\\\\)|)(?=[^-]|$)","i")\},Y=/^(?:input|select|textarea|button)$/i,Z=/^h\\d$/i,$=/^[^\{]+\\\{\\s*\\[native \\w/,_=/^(?:#([\\w-]+)|(\\w+)|\\.([\\w-]+))$/,aa=/[+~]/,ba=/'|\\\\/g,ca=new RegExp("\\\\\\\\([\\\\da-f]\{1,6\}"+L+"?|("+L+")|.)","ig"),da=function(a,b,c)\{var d="0x"+b-65536;return d!==d||c?b:0>d?String.fromCharCode(d+65536):String.fromCharCode(d>>10|55296,1023&d|56320)\},ea=function()\{m()\};try\{H.apply(E=I.call(v.childNodes),v.childNodes),E[v.childNodes.length].nodeType\}catch(fa)\{H=\{apply:E.length?function(a,b)\{G.apply(a,I.call(b))\}:function(a,b)\{var c=a.length,d=0;while(a[c++]=b[d++]);a.length=c-1\}\}\}function ga(a,b,d,e)\{var f,h,j,k,l,o,r,s,w,x;if((b?b.ownerDocument||b:v)!==n&&m(b),b=b||n,d=d||[],k=b.nodeType,"string"!=typeof a||!a||1!==k&&9!==k&&11!==k)return d;if(!e&&p)\{if(11!==k&&(f=_.exec(a)))if(j=f[1])\{if(9===k)\{if(h=b.getElementById(j),!h||!h.parentNode)return d;if(h.id===j)return d.push(h),d\}else if(b.ownerDocument&&(h=b.ownerDocument.getElementById(j))&&t(b,h)&&h.id===j)return d.push(h),d\}else\{if(f[2])return H.apply(d,b.getElementsByTagName(a)),d;if((j=f[3])&&c.getElementsByClassName)return H.apply(d,b.getElementsByClassName(j)),d\}if(c.qsa&&(!q||!q.test(a)))\{if(s=r=u,w=b,x=1!==k&&a,1===k&&"object"!==b.nodeName.toLowerCase())\{o=g(a),(r=b.getAttribute("id"))?s=r.replace(ba,"\\\\$&"):b.setAttribute("id",s),s="[id='"+s+"'] ",l=o.length;while(l--)o[l]=s+ra(o[l]);w=aa.test(a)&&pa(b.parentNode)||b,x=o.join(",")\}if(x)try\{return H.apply(d,w.querySelectorAll(x)),d\}catch(y)\{\}finally\{r||b.removeAttribute("id")\}\}\}return i(a.replace(R,"$1"),b,d,e)\}function ha()\{var a=[];function b(c,e)\{return a.push(c+" ")>d.cacheLength&&delete b[a.shift()],b[c+" "]=e\}return b\}function ia(a)\{return a[u]=!0,a\}function ja(a)\{var b=n.createElement("div");try\{return!!a(b)\}catch(c)\{return!1\}finally\{b.parentNode&&b.parentNode.removeChild(b),b=null\}\}function ka(a,b)\{var c=a.split("|"),e=a.length;while(e--)d.attrHandle[c[e]]=b\}function la(a,b)\{var c=b&&a,d=c&&1===a.nodeType&&1===b.nodeType&&(~b.sourceIndex||C)-(~a.sourceIndex||C);if(d)return d;if(c)while(c=c.nextSibling)if(c===b)return-1;return a?1:-1\}function ma(a)\{return function(b)\{var c=b.nodeName.toLowerCase();return"input"===c&&b.type===a\}\}function na(a)\{return function(b)\{var c=b.nodeName.toLowerCase();return("input"===c||"button"===c)&&b.type===a\}\}function oa(a)\{return ia(function(b)\{return b=+b,ia(function(c,d)\{var e,f=a([],c.length,b),g=f.length;while(g--)c[e=f[g]]&&(c[e]=!(d[e]=c[e]))\})\})\}function pa(a)\{return a&&"undefined"!=typeof a.getElementsByTagName&&a\}c=ga.support=\{\},f=ga.isXML=function(a)\{var b=a&&(a.ownerDocument||a).documentElement;return b?"HTML"!==b.nodeName:!1\},m=ga.setDocument=function(a)\{var b,e,g=a?a.ownerDocument||a:v;return g!==n&&9===g.nodeType&&g.documentElement?(n=g,o=g.documentElement,e=g.defaultView,e&&e!==e.top&&(e.addEventListener?e.addEventListener("unload",ea,!1):e.attachEvent&&e.attachEvent("onunload",ea)),p=!f(g),c.attributes=ja(function(a)\{return a.className="i",!a.getAttribute("className")\}),c.getElementsByTagName=ja(function(a)\{return a.appendChild(g.createComment("")),!a.getElementsByTagName("*").length\}),c.getElementsByClassName=$.test(g.getElementsByClassName),c.getById=ja(function(a)\{return o.appendChild(a).id=u,!g.getElementsByName||!g.getElementsByName(u).length\}),c.getById?(d.find.ID=function(a,b)\{if("undefined"!=typeof b.getElementById&&p)\{var c=b.getElementById(a);return c&&c.parentNode?[c]:[]\}\},d.filter.ID=function(a)\{var b=a.replace(ca,da);return function(a)\{return a.getAttribute("id")===b\}\}):(delete d.find.ID,d.filter.ID=function(a)\{var b=a.replace(ca,da);return function(a)\{var c="undefined"!=typeof a.getAttributeNode&&a.getAttributeNode("id");return c&&c.value===b\}\}),d.find.TAG=c.getElementsByTagName?function(a,b)\{return"undefined"!=typeof b.getElementsByTagName?b.getElementsByTagName(a):c.qsa?b.querySelectorAll(a):void 0\}:function(a,b)\{var c,d=[],e=0,f=b.getElementsByTagName(a);if("*"===a)\{while(c=f[e++])1===c.nodeType&&d.push(c);return d\}return f\},d.find.CLASS=c.getElementsByClassName&&function(a,b)\{return p?b.getElementsByClassName(a):void 0\},r=[],q=[],(c.qsa=$.test(g.querySelectorAll))&&(ja(function(a)\{o.appendChild(a).innerHTML="<a id='"+u+"'></a><select id='"+u+"-\\f]' msallowcapture=''><option selected=''></option></select>",a.querySelectorAll("[msallowcapture^='']").length&&q.push("[*^$]="+L+"*(?:''|\\"\\")"),a.querySelectorAll("[selected]").length||q.push("\\\\["+L+"*(?:value|"+K+")"),a.querySelectorAll("[id~="+u+"-]").length||q.push("~="),a.querySelectorAll(":checked").length||q.push(":checked"),a.querySelectorAll("a#"+u+"+*").length||q.push(".#.+[+~]")\}),ja(function(a)\{var b=g.createElement("input");b.setAttribute("type","hidden"),a.appendChild(b).setAttribute("name","D"),a.querySelectorAll("[name=d]").length&&q.push("name"+L+"*[*^$|!~]?="),a.querySelectorAll(":enabled").length||q.push(":enabled",":disabled"),a.querySelectorAll("*,:x"),q.push(",.*:")\})),(c.matchesSelector=$.test(s=o.matches||o.webkitMatchesSelector||o.mozMatchesSelector||o.oMatchesSelector||o.msMatchesSelector))&&ja(function(a)\{c.disconnectedMatch=s.call(a,"div"),s.call(a,"[s!='']:x"),r.push("!=",P)\}),q=q.length&&new RegExp(q.join("|")),r=r.length&&new RegExp(r.join("|")),b=$.test(o.compareDocumentPosition),t=b||$.test(o.contains)?function(a,b)\{var c=9===a.nodeType?a.documentElement:a,d=b&&b.parentNode;return a===d||!(!d||1!==d.nodeType||!(c.contains?c.contains(d):a.compareDocumentPosition&&16&a.compareDocumentPosition(d)))\}:function(a,b)\{if(b)while(b=b.parentNode)if(b===a)return!0;return!1\},B=b?function(a,b)\{if(a===b)return l=!0,0;var d=!a.compareDocumentPosition-!b.compareDocumentPosition;return d?d:(d=(a.ownerDocument||a)===(b.ownerDocument||b)?a.compareDocumentPosition(b):1,1&d||!c.sortDetached&&b.compareDocumentPosition(a)===d?a===g||a.ownerDocument===v&&t(v,a)?-1:b===g||b.ownerDocument===v&&t(v,b)?1:k?J(k,a)-J(k,b):0:4&d?-1:1)\}:function(a,b)\{if(a===b)return l=!0,0;var c,d=0,e=a.parentNode,f=b.parentNode,h=[a],i=[b];if(!e||!f)return a===g?-1:b===g?1:e?-1:f?1:k?J(k,a)-J(k,b):0;if(e===f)return la(a,b);c=a;while(c=c.parentNode)h.unshift(c);c=b;while(c=c.parentNode)i.unshift(c);while(h[d]===i[d])d++;return d?la(h[d],i[d]):h[d]===v?-1:i[d]===v?1:0\},g):n\},ga.matches=function(a,b)\{return ga(a,null,null,b)\},ga.matchesSelector=function(a,b)\{if((a.ownerDocument||a)!==n&&m(a),b=b.replace(U,"='$1']"),!(!c.matchesSelector||!p||r&&r.test(b)||q&&q.test(b)))try\{var d=s.call(a,b);if(d||c.disconnectedMatch||a.document&&11!==a.document.nodeType)return d\}catch(e)\{\}return ga(b,n,null,[a]).length>0\},ga.contains=function(a,b)\{return(a.ownerDocument||a)!==n&&m(a),t(a,b)\},ga.attr=function(a,b)\{(a.ownerDocument||a)!==n&&m(a);var e=d.attrHandle[b.toLowerCase()],f=e&&D.call(d.attrHandle,b.toLowerCase())?e(a,b,!p):void 0;return void 0!==f?f:c.attributes||!p?a.getAttribute(b):(f=a.getAttributeNode(b))&&f.specified?f.value:null\},ga.error=function(a)\{throw new Error("Syntax error, unrecognized expression: "+a)\},ga.uniqueSort=function(a)\{var b,d=[],e=0,f=0;if(l=!c.detectDuplicates,k=!c.sortStable&&a.slice(0),a.sort(B),l)\{while(b=a[f++])b===a[f]&&(e=d.push(f));while(e--)a.splice(d[e],1)\}return k=null,a\},e=ga.getText=function(a)\{var b,c="",d=0,f=a.nodeType;if(f)\{if(1===f||9===f||11===f)\{if("string"==typeof a.textContent)return a.textContent;for(a=a.firstChild;a;a=a.nextSibling)c+=e(a)\}else if(3===f||4===f)return a.nodeValue\}else while(b=a[d++])c+=e(b);return c\},d=ga.selectors=\{cacheLength:50,createPseudo:ia,match:X,attrHandle:\{\},find:\{\},relative:\{">":\{dir:"parentNode",first:!0\}," ":\{dir:"parentNode"\},"+":\{dir:"previousSibling",first:!0\},"~":\{dir:"previousSibling"\}\},preFilter:\{ATTR:function(a)\{return a[1]=a[1].replace(ca,da),a[3]=(a[3]||a[4]||a[5]||"").replace(ca,da),"~="===a[2]&&(a[3]=" "+a[3]+" "),a.slice(0,4)\},CHILD:function(a)\{return a[1]=a[1].toLowerCase(),"nth"===a[1].slice(0,3)?(a[3]||ga.error(a[0]),a[4]=+(a[4]?a[5]+(a[6]||1):2*("even"===a[3]||"odd"===a[3])),a[5]=+(a[7]+a[8]||"odd"===a[3])):a[3]&&ga.error(a[0]),a\},PSEUDO:function(a)\{var b,c=!a[6]&&a[2];return X.CHILD.test(a[0])?null:(a[3]?a[2]=a[4]||a[5]||"":c&&V.test(c)&&(b=g(c,!0))&&(b=c.indexOf(")",c.length-b)-c.length)&&(a[0]=a[0].slice(0,b),a[2]=c.slice(0,b)),a.slice(0,3))\}\},filter:\{TAG:function(a)\{var b=a.replace(ca,da).toLowerCase();return"*"===a?function()\{return!0\}:function(a)\{return a.nodeName&&a.nodeName.toLowerCase()===b\}\},CLASS:function(a)\{var b=y[a+" "];return b||(b=new RegExp("(^|"+L+")"+a+"("+L+"|$)"))&&y(a,function(a)\{return b.test("string"==typeof a.className&&a.className||"undefined"!=typeof a.getAttribute&&a.getAttribute("class")||"")\})\},ATTR:function(a,b,c)\{return function(d)\{var e=ga.attr(d,a);return null==e?"!="===b:b?(e+="","="===b?e===c:"!="===b?e!==c:"^="===b?c&&0===e.indexOf(c):"*="===b?c&&e.indexOf(c)>-1:"$="===b?c&&e.slice(-c.length)===c:"~="===b?(" "+e.replace(Q," ")+" ").indexOf(c)>-1:"|="===b?e===c||e.slice(0,c.length+1)===c+"-":!1):!0\}\},CHILD:function(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f="nth"!==a.slice(0,3),g="last"!==a.slice(-4),h="of-type"===b;return 1===d&&0===e?function(a)\{return!!a.parentNode\}:function(b,c,i)\{var j,k,l,m,n,o,p=f!==g?"nextSibling":"previousSibling",q=b.parentNode,r=h&&b.nodeName.toLowerCase(),s=!i&&!h;if(q)\{if(f)\{while(p)\{l=b;while(l=l[p])if(h?l.nodeName.toLowerCase()===r:1===l.nodeType)return!1;o=p="only"===a&&!o&&"nextSibling"\}return!0\}if(o=[g?q.firstChild:q.lastChild],g&&s)\{k=q[u]||(q[u]=\{\}),j=k[a]||[],n=j[0]===w&&j[1],m=j[0]===w&&j[2],l=n&&q.childNodes[n];while(l=++n&&l&&l[p]||(m=n=0)||o.pop())if(1===l.nodeType&&++m&&l===b)\{k[a]=[w,n,m];break\}\}else if(s&&(j=(b[u]||(b[u]=\{\}))[a])&&j[0]===w)m=j[1];else while(l=++n&&l&&l[p]||(m=n=0)||o.pop())if((h?l.nodeName.toLowerCase()===r:1===l.nodeType)&&++m&&(s&&((l[u]||(l[u]=\{\}))[a]=[w,m]),l===b))break;return m-=e,m===d||m%d===0&&m/d>=0\}\}\},PSEUDO:function(a,b)\{var c,e=d.pseudos[a]||d.setFilters[a.toLowerCase()]||ga.error("unsupported pseudo: "+a);return e[u]?e(b):e.length>1?(c=[a,a,"",b],d.setFilters.hasOwnProperty(a.toLowerCase())?ia(function(a,c)\{var d,f=e(a,b),g=f.length;while(g--)d=J(a,f[g]),a[d]=!(c[d]=f[g])\}):function(a)\{return e(a,0,c)\}):e\}\},pseudos:\{not:ia(function(a)\{var b=[],c=[],d=h(a.replace(R,"$1"));return d[u]?ia(function(a,b,c,e)\{var f,g=d(a,null,e,[]),h=a.length;while(h--)(f=g[h])&&(a[h]=!(b[h]=f))\}):function(a,e,f)\{return b[0]=a,d(b,null,f,c),b[0]=null,!c.pop()\}\}),has:ia(function(a)\{return function(b)\{return ga(a,b).length>0\}\}),contains:ia(function(a)\{return a=a.replace(ca,da),function(b)\{return(b.textContent||b.innerText||e(b)).indexOf(a)>-1\}\}),lang:ia(function(a)\{return W.test(a||"")||ga.error("unsupported lang: "+a),a=a.replace(ca,da).toLowerCase(),function(b)\{var c;do if(c=p?b.lang:b.getAttribute("xml:lang")||b.getAttribute("lang"))return c=c.toLowerCase(),c===a||0===c.indexOf(a+"-");while((b=b.parentNode)&&1===b.nodeType);return!1\}\}),target:function(b)\{var c=a.location&&a.location.hash;return c&&c.slice(1)===b.id\},root:function(a)\{return a===o\},focus:function(a)\{return a===n.activeElement&&(!n.hasFocus||n.hasFocus())&&!!(a.type||a.href||~a.tabIndex)\},enabled:function(a)\{return a.disabled===!1\},disabled:function(a)\{return a.disabled===!0\},checked:function(a)\{var b=a.nodeName.toLowerCase();return"input"===b&&!!a.checked||"option"===b&&!!a.selected\},selected:function(a)\{return a.parentNode&&a.parentNode.selectedIndex,a.selected===!0\},empty:function(a)\{for(a=a.firstChild;a;a=a.nextSibling)if(a.nodeType<6)return!1;return!0\},parent:function(a)\{return!d.pseudos.empty(a)\},header:function(a)\{return Z.test(a.nodeName)\},input:function(a)\{return Y.test(a.nodeName)\},button:function(a)\{var b=a.nodeName.toLowerCase();return"input"===b&&"button"===a.type||"button"===b\},text:function(a)\{var b;return"input"===a.nodeName.toLowerCase()&&"text"===a.type&&(null==(b=a.getAttribute("type"))||"text"===b.toLowerCase())\},first:oa(function()\{return[0]\}),last:oa(function(a,b)\{return[b-1]\}),eq:oa(function(a,b,c)\{return[0>c?c+b:c]\}),even:oa(function(a,b)\{for(var c=0;b>c;c+=2)a.push(c);return a\}),odd:oa(function(a,b)\{for(var c=1;b>c;c+=2)a.push(c);return a\}),lt:oa(function(a,b,c)\{for(var d=0>c?c+b:c;--d>=0;)a.push(d);return a\}),gt:oa(function(a,b,c)\{for(var d=0>c?c+b:c;++d<b;)a.push(d);return a\})\}\},d.pseudos.nth=d.pseudos.eq;for(b in\{radio:!0,checkbox:!0,file:!0,password:!0,image:!0\})d.pseudos[b]=ma(b);for(b in\{submit:!0,reset:!0\})d.pseudos[b]=na(b);function qa()\{\}qa.prototype=d.filters=d.pseudos,d.setFilters=new qa,g=ga.tokenize=function(a,b)\{var c,e,f,g,h,i,j,k=z[a+" "];if(k)return b?0:k.slice(0);h=a,i=[],j=d.preFilter;while(h)\{(!c||(e=S.exec(h)))&&(e&&(h=h.slice(e[0].length)||h),i.push(f=[])),c=!1,(e=T.exec(h))&&(c=e.shift(),f.push(\{value:c,type:e[0].replace(R," ")\}),h=h.slice(c.length));for(g in d.filter)!(e=X[g].exec(h))||j[g]&&!(e=j[g](e))||(c=e.shift(),f.push(\{value:c,type:g,matches:e\}),h=h.slice(c.length));if(!c)break\}return b?h.length:h?ga.error(a):z(a,i).slice(0)\};function ra(a)\{for(var b=0,c=a.length,d="";c>b;b++)d+=a[b].value;return d\}function sa(a,b,c)\{var d=b.dir,e=c&&"parentNode"===d,f=x++;return b.first?function(b,c,f)\{while(b=b[d])if(1===b.nodeType||e)return a(b,c,f)\}:function(b,c,g)\{var h,i,j=[w,f];if(g)\{while(b=b[d])if((1===b.nodeType||e)&&a(b,c,g))return!0\}else while(b=b[d])if(1===b.nodeType||e)\{if(i=b[u]||(b[u]=\{\}),(h=i[d])&&h[0]===w&&h[1]===f)return j[2]=h[2];if(i[d]=j,j[2]=a(b,c,g))return!0\}\}\}function ta(a)\{return a.length>1?function(b,c,d)\{var e=a.length;while(e--)if(!a[e](b,c,d))return!1;return!0\}:a[0]\}function ua(a,b,c)\{for(var d=0,e=b.length;e>d;d++)ga(a,b[d],c);return c\}function va(a,b,c,d,e)\{for(var f,g=[],h=0,i=a.length,j=null!=b;i>h;h++)(f=a[h])&&(!c||c(f,d,e))&&(g.push(f),j&&b.push(h));return g\}function wa(a,b,c,d,e,f)\{return d&&!d[u]&&(d=wa(d)),e&&!e[u]&&(e=wa(e,f)),ia(function(f,g,h,i)\{var j,k,l,m=[],n=[],o=g.length,p=f||ua(b||"*",h.nodeType?[h]:h,[]),q=!a||!f&&b?p:va(p,m,a,h,i),r=c?e||(f?a:o||d)?[]:g:q;if(c&&c(q,r,h,i),d)\{j=va(r,n),d(j,[],h,i),k=j.length;while(k--)(l=j[k])&&(r[n[k]]=!(q[n[k]]=l))\}if(f)\{if(e||a)\{if(e)\{j=[],k=r.length;while(k--)(l=r[k])&&j.push(q[k]=l);e(null,r=[],j,i)\}k=r.length;while(k--)(l=r[k])&&(j=e?J(f,l):m[k])>-1&&(f[j]=!(g[j]=l))\}\}else r=va(r===g?r.splice(o,r.length):r),e?e(null,g,r,i):H.apply(g,r)\})\}function xa(a)\{for(var b,c,e,f=a.length,g=d.relative[a[0].type],h=g||d.relative[" "],i=g?1:0,k=sa(function(a)\{return a===b\},h,!0),l=sa(function(a)\{return J(b,a)>-1\},h,!0),m=[function(a,c,d)\{var e=!g&&(d||c!==j)||((b=c).nodeType?k(a,c,d):l(a,c,d));return b=null,e\}];f>i;i++)if(c=d.relative[a[i].type])m=[sa(ta(m),c)];else\{if(c=d.filter[a[i].type].apply(null,a[i].matches),c[u])\{for(e=++i;f>e;e++)if(d.relative[a[e].type])break;return wa(i>1&&ta(m),i>1&&ra(a.slice(0,i-1).concat(\{value:" "===a[i-2].type?"*":""\})).replace(R,"$1"),c,e>i&&xa(a.slice(i,e)),f>e&&xa(a=a.slice(e)),f>e&&ra(a))\}m.push(c)\}return ta(m)\}function ya(a,b)\{var c=b.length>0,e=a.length>0,f=function(f,g,h,i,k)\{var l,m,o,p=0,q="0",r=f&&[],s=[],t=j,u=f||e&&d.find.TAG("*",k),v=w+=null==t?1:Math.random()||.1,x=u.length;for(k&&(j=g!==n&&g);q!==x&&null!=(l=u[q]);q++)\{if(e&&l)\{m=0;while(o=a[m++])if(o(l,g,h))\{i.push(l);break\}k&&(w=v)\}c&&((l=!o&&l)&&p--,f&&r.push(l))\}if(p+=q,c&&q!==p)\{m=0;while(o=b[m++])o(r,s,g,h);if(f)\{if(p>0)while(q--)r[q]||s[q]||(s[q]=F.call(i));s=va(s)\}H.apply(i,s),k&&!f&&s.length>0&&p+b.length>1&&ga.uniqueSort(i)\}return k&&(w=v,j=t),r\};return c?ia(f):f\}return h=ga.compile=function(a,b)\{var c,d=[],e=[],f=A[a+" "];if(!f)\{b||(b=g(a)),c=b.length;while(c--)f=xa(b[c]),f[u]?d.push(f):e.push(f);f=A(a,ya(e,d)),f.selector=a\}return f\},i=ga.select=function(a,b,e,f)\{var i,j,k,l,m,n="function"==typeof a&&a,o=!f&&g(a=n.selector||a);if(e=e||[],1===o.length)\{if(j=o[0]=o[0].slice(0),j.length>2&&"ID"===(k=j[0]).type&&c.getById&&9===b.nodeType&&p&&d.relative[j[1].type])\{if(b=(d.find.ID(k.matches[0].replace(ca,da),b)||[])[0],!b)return e;n&&(b=b.parentNode),a=a.slice(j.shift().value.length)\}i=X.needsContext.test(a)?0:j.length;while(i--)\{if(k=j[i],d.relative[l=k.type])break;if((m=d.find[l])&&(f=m(k.matches[0].replace(ca,da),aa.test(j[0].type)&&pa(b.parentNode)||b)))\{if(j.splice(i,1),a=f.length&&ra(j),!a)return H.apply(e,f),e;break\}\}\}return(n||h(a,o))(f,b,!p,e,aa.test(a)&&pa(b.parentNode)||b),e\},c.sortStable=u.split("").sort(B).join("")===u,c.detectDuplicates=!!l,m(),c.sortDetached=ja(function(a)\{return 1&a.compareDocumentPosition(n.createElement("div"))\}),ja(function(a)\{return a.innerHTML="<a href='#'></a>","#"===a.firstChild.getAttribute("href")\})||ka("type|href|height|width",function(a,b,c)\{return c?void 0:a.getAttribute(b,"type"===b.toLowerCase()?1:2)\}),c.attributes&&ja(function(a)\{return a.innerHTML="<input/>",a.firstChild.setAttribute("value",""),""===a.firstChild.getAttribute("value")\})||ka("value",function(a,b,c)\{return c||"input"!==a.nodeName.toLowerCase()?void 0:a.defaultValue\}),ja(function(a)\{return null==a.getAttribute("disabled")\})||ka(K,function(a,b,c)\{var d;return c?void 0:a[b]===!0?b.toLowerCase():(d=a.getAttributeNode(b))&&d.specified?d.value:null\}),ga\}(a);n.find=t,n.expr=t.selectors,n.expr[":"]=n.expr.pseudos,n.unique=t.uniqueSort,n.text=t.getText,n.isXMLDoc=t.isXML,n.contains=t.contains;var u=n.expr.match.needsContext,v=/^<(\\w+)\\s*\\/?>(?:<\\/\\1>|)$/,w=/^.[^:#\\[\\.,]*$/;function x(a,b,c)\{if(n.isFunction(b))return n.grep(a,function(a,d)\{return!!b.call(a,d,a)!==c\});if(b.nodeType)return n.grep(a,function(a)\{return a===b!==c\});if("string"==typeof b)\{if(w.test(b))return n.filter(b,a,c);b=n.filter(b,a)\}return n.grep(a,function(a)\{return g.call(b,a)>=0!==c\})\}n.filter=function(a,b,c)\{var d=b[0];return c&&(a=":not("+a+")"),1===b.length&&1===d.nodeType?n.find.matchesSelector(d,a)?[d]:[]:n.find.matches(a,n.grep(b,function(a)\{return 1===a.nodeType\}))\},n.fn.extend(\{find:function(a)\{var b,c=this.length,d=[],e=this;if("string"!=typeof a)return this.pushStack(n(a).filter(function()\{for(b=0;c>b;b++)if(n.contains(e[b],this))return!0\}));for(b=0;c>b;b++)n.find(a,e[b],d);return d=this.pushStack(c>1?n.unique(d):d),d.selector=this.selector?this.selector+" "+a:a,d\},filter:function(a)\{return this.pushStack(x(this,a||[],!1))\},not:function(a)\{return this.pushStack(x(this,a||[],!0))\},is:function(a)\{return!!x(this,"string"==typeof a&&u.test(a)?n(a):a||[],!1).length\}\});var y,z=/^(?:\\s*(<[\\w\\W]+>)[^>]*|#([\\w-]*))$/,A=n.fn.init=function(a,b)\{var c,d;if(!a)return this;if("string"==typeof a)\{if(c="<"===a[0]&&">"===a[a.length-1]&&a.length>=3?[null,a,null]:z.exec(a),!c||!c[1]&&b)return!b||b.jquery?(b||y).find(a):this.constructor(b).find(a);if(c[1])\{if(b=b instanceof n?b[0]:b,n.merge(this,n.parseHTML(c[1],b&&b.nodeType?b.ownerDocument||b:l,!0)),v.test(c[1])&&n.isPlainObject(b))for(c in b)n.isFunction(this[c])?this[c](b[c]):this.attr(c,b[c]);return this\}return d=l.getElementById(c[2]),d&&d.parentNode&&(this.length=1,this[0]=d),this.context=l,this.selector=a,this\}return a.nodeType?(this.context=this[0]=a,this.length=1,this):n.isFunction(a)?"undefined"!=typeof y.ready?y.ready(a):a(n):(void 0!==a.selector&&(this.selector=a.selector,this.context=a.context),n.makeArray(a,this))\};A.prototype=n.fn,y=n(l);var B=/^(?:parents|prev(?:Until|All))/,C=\{children:!0,contents:!0,next:!0,prev:!0\};n.extend(\{dir:function(a,b,c)\{var d=[],e=void 0!==c;while((a=a[b])&&9!==a.nodeType)if(1===a.nodeType)\{if(e&&n(a).is(c))break;d.push(a)\}return d\},sibling:function(a,b)\{for(var c=[];a;a=a.nextSibling)1===a.nodeType&&a!==b&&c.push(a);return c\}\}),n.fn.extend(\{has:function(a)\{var b=n(a,this),c=b.length;return this.filter(function()\{for(var a=0;c>a;a++)if(n.contains(this,b[a]))return!0\})\},closest:function(a,b)\{for(var c,d=0,e=this.length,f=[],g=u.test(a)||"string"!=typeof a?n(a,b||this.context):0;e>d;d++)for(c=this[d];c&&c!==b;c=c.parentNode)if(c.nodeType<11&&(g?g.index(c)>-1:1===c.nodeType&&n.find.matchesSelector(c,a)))\{f.push(c);break\}return this.pushStack(f.length>1?n.unique(f):f)\},index:function(a)\{return a?"string"==typeof a?g.call(n(a),this[0]):g.call(this,a.jquery?a[0]:a):this[0]&&this[0].parentNode?this.first().prevAll().length:-1\},add:function(a,b)\{return this.pushStack(n.unique(n.merge(this.get(),n(a,b))))\},addBack:function(a)\{return this.add(null==a?this.prevObject:this.prevObject.filter(a))\}\});function D(a,b)\{while((a=a[b])&&1!==a.nodeType);return a\}n.each(\{parent:function(a)\{var b=a.parentNode;return b&&11!==b.nodeType?b:null\},parents:function(a)\{return n.dir(a,"parentNode")\},parentsUntil:function(a,b,c)\{return n.dir(a,"parentNode",c)\},next:function(a)\{return D(a,"nextSibling")\},prev:function(a)\{return D(a,"previousSibling")\},nextAll:function(a)\{return n.dir(a,"nextSibling")\},prevAll:function(a)\{return n.dir(a,"previousSibling")\},nextUntil:function(a,b,c)\{return n.dir(a,"nextSibling",c)\},prevUntil:function(a,b,c)\{return n.dir(a,"previousSibling",c)\},siblings:function(a)\{return n.sibling((a.parentNode||\{\}).firstChild,a)\},children:function(a)\{return n.sibling(a.firstChild)\},contents:function(a)\{return a.contentDocument||n.merge([],a.childNodes)\}\},function(a,b)\{n.fn[a]=function(c,d)\{var e=n.map(this,b,c);return"Until"!==a.slice(-5)&&(d=c),d&&"string"==typeof d&&(e=n.filter(d,e)),this.length>1&&(C[a]||n.unique(e),B.test(a)&&e.reverse()),this.pushStack(e)\}\});var E=/\\S+/g,F=\{\};function G(a)\{var b=F[a]=\{\};return n.each(a.match(E)||[],function(a,c)\{b[c]=!0\}),b\}n.Callbacks=function(a)\{a="string"==typeof a?F[a]||G(a):n.extend(\{\},a);var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=[],i=!a.once&&[],j=function(l)\{for(b=a.memory&&l,c=!0,g=e||0,e=0,f=h.length,d=!0;h&&f>g;g++)if(h[g].apply(l[0],l[1])===!1&&a.stopOnFalse)\{b=!1;break\}d=!1,h&&(i?i.length&&j(i.shift()):b?h=[]:k.disable())\},k=\{add:function()\{if(h)\{var c=h.length;!function g(b)\{n.each(b,function(b,c)\{var d=n.type(c);"function"===d?a.unique&&k.has(c)||h.push(c):c&&c.length&&"string"!==d&&g(c)\})\}(arguments),d?f=h.length:b&&(e=c,j(b))\}return this\},remove:function()\{return h&&n.each(arguments,function(a,b)\{var c;while((c=n.inArray(b,h,c))>-1)h.splice(c,1),d&&(f>=c&&f--,g>=c&&g--)\}),this\},has:function(a)\{return a?n.inArray(a,h)>-1:!(!h||!h.length)\},empty:function()\{return h=[],f=0,this\},disable:function()\{return h=i=b=void 0,this\},disabled:function()\{return!h\},lock:function()\{return i=void 0,b||k.disable(),this\},locked:function()\{return!i\},fireWith:function(a,b)\{return!h||c&&!i||(b=b||[],b=[a,b.slice?b.slice():b],d?i.push(b):j(b)),this\},fire:function()\{return k.fireWith(this,arguments),this\},fired:function()\{return!!c\}\};return k\},n.extend(\{Deferred:function(a)\{var b=[["resolve","done",n.Callbacks("once memory"),"resolved"],["reject","fail",n.Callbacks("once memory"),"rejected"],["notify","progress",n.Callbacks("memory")]],c="pending",d=\{state:function()\{return c\},always:function()\{return e.done(arguments).fail(arguments),this\},then:function()\{var a=arguments;return n.Deferred(function(c)\{n.each(b,function(b,f)\{var g=n.isFunction(a[b])&&a[b];e[f[1]](function()\{var a=g&&g.apply(this,arguments);a&&n.isFunction(a.promise)?a.promise().done(c.resolve).fail(c.reject).progress(c.notify):c[f[0]+"With"](this===d?c.promise():this,g?[a]:arguments)\})\}),a=null\}).promise()\},promise:function(a)\{return null!=a?n.extend(a,d):d\}\},e=\{\};return d.pipe=d.then,n.each(b,function(a,f)\{var g=f[2],h=f[3];d[f[1]]=g.add,h&&g.add(function()\{c=h\},b[1^a][2].disable,b[2][2].lock),e[f[0]]=function()\{return e[f[0]+"With"](this===e?d:this,arguments),this\},e[f[0]+"With"]=g.fireWith\}),d.promise(e),a&&a.call(e,e),e\},when:function(a)\{var b=0,c=d.call(arguments),e=c.length,f=1!==e||a&&n.isFunction(a.promise)?e:0,g=1===f?a:n.Deferred(),h=function(a,b,c)\{return function(e)\{b[a]=this,c[a]=arguments.length>1?d.call(arguments):e,c===i?g.notifyWith(b,c):--f||g.resolveWith(b,c)\}\},i,j,k;if(e>1)for(i=new Array(e),j=new Array(e),k=new Array(e);e>b;b++)c[b]&&n.isFunction(c[b].promise)?c[b].promise().done(h(b,k,c)).fail(g.reject).progress(h(b,j,i)):--f;return f||g.resolveWith(k,c),g.promise()\}\});var H;n.fn.ready=function(a)\{return n.ready.promise().done(a),this\},n.extend(\{isReady:!1,readyWait:1,holdReady:function(a)\{a?n.readyWait++:n.ready(!0)\},ready:function(a)\{(a===!0?--n.readyWait:n.isReady)||(n.isReady=!0,a!==!0&&--n.readyWait>0||(H.resolveWith(l,[n]),n.fn.triggerHandler&&(n(l).triggerHandler("ready"),n(l).off("ready"))))\}\});function I()\{l.removeEventListener("DOMContentLoaded",I,!1),a.removeEventListener("load",I,!1),n.ready()\}n.ready.promise=function(b)\{return H||(H=n.Deferred(),"complete"===l.readyState?setTimeout(n.ready):(l.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded",I,!1),a.addEventListener("load",I,!1))),H.promise(b)\},n.ready.promise();var J=n.access=function(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=0,i=a.length,j=null==c;if("object"===n.type(c))\{e=!0;for(h in c)n.access(a,b,h,c[h],!0,f,g)\}else if(void 0!==d&&(e=!0,n.isFunction(d)||(g=!0),j&&(g?(b.call(a,d),b=null):(j=b,b=function(a,b,c)\{return j.call(n(a),c)\})),b))for(;i>h;h++)b(a[h],c,g?d:d.call(a[h],h,b(a[h],c)));return e?a:j?b.call(a):i?b(a[0],c):f\};n.acceptData=function(a)\{return 1===a.nodeType||9===a.nodeType||!+a.nodeType\};function K()\{Object.defineProperty(this.cache=\{\},0,\{get:function()\{return\{\}\}\}),this.expando=n.expando+K.uid++\}K.uid=1,K.accepts=n.acceptData,K.prototype=\{key:function(a)\{if(!K.accepts(a))return 0;var b=\{\},c=a[this.expando];if(!c)\{c=K.uid++;try\{b[this.expando]=\{value:c\},Object.defineProperties(a,b)\}catch(d)\{b[this.expando]=c,n.extend(a,b)\}\}return this.cache[c]||(this.cache[c]=\{\}),c\},set:function(a,b,c)\{var d,e=this.key(a),f=this.cache[e];if("string"==typeof b)f[b]=c;else if(n.isEmptyObject(f))n.extend(this.cache[e],b);else for(d in b)f[d]=b[d];return f\},get:function(a,b)\{var c=this.cache[this.key(a)];return void 0===b?c:c[b]\},access:function(a,b,c)\{var d;return void 0===b||b&&"string"==typeof b&&void 0===c?(d=this.get(a,b),void 0!==d?d:this.get(a,n.camelCase(b))):(this.set(a,b,c),void 0!==c?c:b)\},remove:function(a,b)\{var c,d,e,f=this.key(a),g=this.cache[f];if(void 0===b)this.cache[f]=\{\};else\{n.isArray(b)?d=b.concat(b.map(n.camelCase)):(e=n.camelCase(b),b in g?d=[b,e]:(d=e,d=d in g?[d]:d.match(E)||[])),c=d.length;while(c--)delete g[d[c]]\}\},hasData:function(a)\{return!n.isEmptyObject(this.cache[a[this.expando]]||\{\})\},discard:function(a)\{a[this.expando]&&delete this.cache[a[this.expando]]\}\};var L=new K,M=new K,N=/^(?:\\\{[\\w\\W]*\\\}|\\[[\\w\\W]*\\])$/,O=/([A-Z])/g;function P(a,b,c)\{var d;if(void 0===c&&1===a.nodeType)if(d="data-"+b.replace(O,"-$1").toLowerCase(),c=a.getAttribute(d),"string"==typeof c)\{try\{c="true"===c?!0:"false"===c?!1:"null"===c?null:+c+""===c?+c:N.test(c)?n.parseJSON(c):c\}catch(e)\{\}M.set(a,b,c)\}else c=void 0;return c\}n.extend(\{hasData:function(a)\{return M.hasData(a)||L.hasData(a)\},data:function(a,b,c)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v each\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:each}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b n} {\b n} {\b n} {\b n} each ("Boolean Number String Function Array Date RegExp Object Error".  {\i split}" ", function({\b a},{\b b})\{{\b h}["[object "+b+"]"]=b.toLowerCase()\} )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v extend\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:extend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b n} {\b n} {\b n} extend (  {\i \{expando:"jQuery"+(m+Math.random()).replace(/\\D/g,""),isReady:!0,error:function(a)\{throw new Error(a)\},noop:function()\{\},isFunction:function(a)\{return"function"===n.type(a)\},isArray:Array.isArray,isWindow:function(a)\{return null!=a&&a===a.window\},isNumeric:function(a)\{return!n.isArray(a)&&a-parseFloat(a)+1>=0\},isPlainObject:function(a)\{return"object"!==n.type(a)||a.nodeType||n.isWindow(a)?!1:a.constructor&&!j.call(a.constructor.prototype,"isPrototypeOf")?!1:!0\},isEmptyObject:function(a)\{var b;for(b in a)return!1;return!0\},type:function(a)\{return null==a?a+"":"object"==typeof a||"function"==typeof a?h[i.call(a)]||"object":typeof a\},globalEval:function(a)\{var b,c=eval;a=n.trim(a),a&&(1===a.indexOf("use strict")?(b=l.createElement("script"),b.text=a,l.head.appendChild(b).parentNode.removeChild(b)):c(a))\},camelCase:function(a)\{return a.replace(p,"ms-").replace(q,r)\},nodeName:function(a,b)\{return a.nodeName&&a.nodeName.toLowerCase()===b.toLowerCase()\},each:function(a,b,c)\{var d,e=0,f=a.length,g=s(a);if(c)\{if(g)\{for(;f>e;e++)if(d=b.apply(a[e],c),d===!1)break\}else for(e in a)if(d=b.apply(a[e],c),d===!1)break\}else if(g)\{for(;f>e;e++)if(d=b.call(a[e],e,a[e]),d===!1)break\}else for(e in a)if(d=b.call(a[e],e,a[e]),d===!1)break;return a\},trim:function(a)\{return null==a?"":(a+"").replace(o,"")\},makeArray:function(a,b)\{var c=b||[];return null!=a&&(s(Object(a))?n.merge(c,"string"==typeof a?[a]:a):f.call(c,a)),c\},inArray:function(a,b,c)\{return null==b?-1:g.call(b,a,c)\},merge:function(a,b)\{for(var c=+b.length,d=0,e=a.length;c>d;d++)a[e++]=b[d];return a.length=e,a\},grep:function(a,b,c)\{for(var d,e=[],f=0,g=a.length,h=!c;g>f;f++)d=!b(a[f],f),d!==h&&e.push(a[f]);return e\},map:function(a,b,c)\{var d,f=0,g=a.length,h=s(a),i=[];if(h)for(;g>f;f++)d=b(a[f],f,c),null!=d&&i.push(d);else for(f in a)d=b(a[f],f,c),null!=d&&i.push(d);return e.apply([],i)\},guid:1,proxy:function(a,b)\{var c,e,f;return"string"==typeof b&&(c=a[b],b=a,a=c),n.isFunction(a)?(e=d.call(arguments,2),f=function()\{return a.apply(b||this,e.concat(d.call(arguments)))\},f.guid=a.guid=a.guid||n.guid++,f):void 0\},now:Date.now,support:k\}})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v s\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:s}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function s (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 2 of file jquery.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     2 \{"object"==typeof module&&"object"==typeof module.exports?module.exports=a.document?b(a,!0):function(a)\{if(!a.document)throw new Error("jQuery requires a window with a document");return b(a)\}:b(a)\}("undefined"!=typeof window?window:this,function(a,b)\{var c=[],d=c.slice,e=c.concat,f=c.push,g=c.indexOf,h=\{\},i=h.toString,j=h.hasOwnProperty,k=\{\},l=a.document,m="2.1.4",n=function(a,b)\{return new n.fn.init(a,b)\},o=/^[\\s\\uFEFF\\xA0]+|[\\s\\uFEFF\\xA0]+$/g,p=/^-ms-/,q=/-([\\da-z])/gi,r=function(a,b)\{return b.toUpperCase()\};n.fn=n.prototype=\{jquery:m,constructor:n,selector:"",length:0,toArray:function()\{return d.call(this)\},get:function(a)\{return null!=a?0>a?this[a+this.length]:this[a]:d.call(this)\},pushStack:function(a)\{var b=n.merge(this.constructor(),a);return b.prevObject=this,b.context=this.context,b\},each:function(a,b)\{return n.each(this,a,b)\},map:function(a)\{return this.pushStack(n.map(this,function(b,c)\{return a.call(b,c,b)\}))\},slice:function()\{return this.pushStack(d.apply(this,arguments))\},first:function()\{return this.eq(0)\},last:function()\{return this.eq(-1)\},eq:function(a)\{var b=this.length,c=+a+(0>a?b:0);return this.pushStack(c>=0&&b>c?[this[c]]:[])\},end:function()\{return this.prevObject||this.constructor(null)\},push:f,sort:c.sort,splice:c.splice\},n.extend=n.fn.extend=function()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f,g=arguments[0]||\{\},h=1,i=arguments.length,j=!1;for("boolean"==typeof g&&(j=g,g=arguments[h]||\{\},h++),"object"==typeof g||n.isFunction(g)||(g=\{\}),h===i&&(g=this,h--);i>h;h++)if(null!=(a=arguments[h]))for(b in a)c=g[b],d=a[b],g!==d&&(j&&d&&(n.isPlainObject(d)||(e=n.isArray(d)))?(e?(e=!1,f=c&&n.isArray(c)?c:[]):f=c&&n.isPlainObject(c)?c:\{\},g[b]=n.extend(j,f,d)):void 0!==d&&(g[b]=d));return g\},n.extend(\{expando:"jQuery"+(m+Math.random()).replace(/\\D/g,""),isReady:!0,error:function(a)\{throw new Error(a)\},noop:function()\{\},isFunction:function(a)\{return"function"===n.type(a)\},isArray:Array.isArray,isWindow:function(a)\{return null!=a&&a===a.window\},isNumeric:function(a)\{return!n.isArray(a)&&a-parseFloat(a)+1>=0\},isPlainObject:function(a)\{return"object"!==n.type(a)||a.nodeType||n.isWindow(a)?!1:a.constructor&&!j.call(a.constructor.prototype,"isPrototypeOf")?!1:!0\},isEmptyObject:function(a)\{var b;for(b in a)return!1;return!0\},type:function(a)\{return null==a?a+"":"object"==typeof a||"function"==typeof a?h[i.call(a)]||"object":typeof a\},globalEval:function(a)\{var b,c=eval;a=n.trim(a),a&&(1===a.indexOf("use strict")?(b=l.createElement("script"),b.text=a,l.head.appendChild(b).parentNode.removeChild(b)):c(a))\},camelCase:function(a)\{return a.replace(p,"ms-").replace(q,r)\},nodeName:function(a,b)\{return a.nodeName&&a.nodeName.toLowerCase()===b.toLowerCase()\},each:function(a,b,c)\{var d,e=0,f=a.length,g=s(a);if(c)\{if(g)\{for(;f>e;e++)if(d=b.apply(a[e],c),d===!1)break\}else for(e in a)if(d=b.apply(a[e],c),d===!1)break\}else if(g)\{for(;f>e;e++)if(d=b.call(a[e],e,a[e]),d===!1)break\}else for(e in a)if(d=b.call(a[e],e,a[e]),d===!1)break;return a\},trim:function(a)\{return null==a?"":(a+"").replace(o,"")\},makeArray:function(a,b)\{var c=b||[];return null!=a&&(s(Object(a))?n.merge(c,"string"==typeof a?[a]:a):f.call(c,a)),c\},inArray:function(a,b,c)\{return null==b?-1:g.call(b,a,c)\},merge:function(a,b)\{for(var c=+b.length,d=0,e=a.length;c>d;d++)a[e++]=b[d];return a.length=e,a\},grep:function(a,b,c)\{for(var d,e=[],f=0,g=a.length,h=!c;g>f;f++)d=!b(a[f],f),d!==h&&e.push(a[f]);return e\},map:function(a,b,c)\{var d,f=0,g=a.length,h=s(a),i=[];if(h)for(;g>f;f++)d=b(a[f],f,c),null!=d&&i.push(d);else for(f in a)d=b(a[f],f,c),null!=d&&i.push(d);return e.apply([],i)\},guid:1,proxy:function(a,b)\{var c,e,f;return"string"==typeof b&&(c=a[b],b=a,a=c),n.isFunction(a)?(e=d.call(arguments,2),f=function()\{return a.apply(b||this,e.concat(d.call(arguments)))\},f.guid=a.guid=a.guid||n.guid++,f):void 0\},now:Date.now,support:k\}),n.each("Boolean Number String Function Array Date RegExp Object Error".split(" "),function(a,b)\{h["[object "+b+"]"]=b.toLowerCase()\});function s(a)\{var b="length"in a&&a.length,c=n.type(a);return"function"===c||n.isWindow(a)?!1:1===a.nodeType&&b?!0:"array"===c||0===b||"number"==typeof b&&b>0&&b-1 in a\}var t=function(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j,k,l,m,n,o,p,q,r,s,t,u="sizzle"+1*new Date,v=a.document,w=0,x=0,y=ha(),z=ha(),A=ha(),B=function(a,b)\{return a===b&&(l=!0),0\},C=1<<31,D=\{\}.hasOwnProperty,E=[],F=E.pop,G=E.push,H=E.push,I=E.slice,J=function(a,b)\{for(var c=0,d=a.length;d>c;c++)if(a[c]===b)return c;return-1\},K="checked|selected|async|autofocus|autoplay|controls|defer|disabled|hidden|ismap|loop|multiple|open|readonly|required|scoped",L="[\\\\x20\\\\t\\\\r\\\\n\\\\f]",M="(?:\\\\\\\\.|[\\\\w-]|[^\\\\x00-\\\\xa0])+",N=M.replace("w","w#"),O="\\\\["+L+"*("+M+")(?:"+L+"*([*^$|!~]?=)"+L+"*(?:'((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\'])*)'|\\"((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\\\"])*)\\"|("+N+"))|)"+L+"*\\\\]",P=":("+M+")(?:\\\\((('((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\'])*)'|\\"((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\\\"])*)\\")|((?:\\\\\\\\.|[^\\\\\\\\()[\\\\]]|"+O+")*)|.*)\\\\)|)",Q=new RegExp(L+"+","g"),R=new RegExp("^"+L+"+|((?:^|[^\\\\\\\\])(?:\\\\\\\\.)*)"+L+"+$","g"),S=new RegExp("^"+L+"*,"+L+"*"),T=new RegExp("^"+L+"*([>+~]|"+L+")"+L+"*"),U=new RegExp("="+L+"*([^\\\\]'\\"]*?)"+L+"*\\\\]","g"),V=new RegExp(P),W=new RegExp("^"+N+"$"),X=\{ID:new RegExp("^#("+M+")"),CLASS:new RegExp("^\\\\.("+M+")"),TAG:new RegExp("^("+M.replace("w","w*")+")"),ATTR:new RegExp("^"+O),PSEUDO:new RegExp("^"+P),CHILD:new RegExp("^:(only|first|last|nth|nth-last)-(child|of-type)(?:\\\\("+L+"*(even|odd|(([+-]|)(\\\\d*)n|)"+L+"*(?:([+-]|)"+L+"*(\\\\d+)|))"+L+"*\\\\)|)","i"),bool:new RegExp("^(?:"+K+")$","i"),needsContext:new RegExp("^"+L+"*[>+~]|:(even|odd|eq|gt|lt|nth|first|last)(?:\\\\("+L+"*((?:-\\\\d)?\\\\d*)"+L+"*\\\\)|)(?=[^-]|$)","i")\},Y=/^(?:input|select|textarea|button)$/i,Z=/^h\\d$/i,$=/^[^\{]+\\\{\\s*\\[native \\w/,_=/^(?:#([\\w-]+)|(\\w+)|\\.([\\w-]+))$/,aa=/[+~]/,ba=/'|\\\\/g,ca=new RegExp("\\\\\\\\([\\\\da-f]\{1,6\}"+L+"?|("+L+")|.)","ig"),da=function(a,b,c)\{var d="0x"+b-65536;return d!==d||c?b:0>d?String.fromCharCode(d+65536):String.fromCharCode(d>>10|55296,1023&d|56320)\},ea=function()\{m()\};try\{H.apply(E=I.call(v.childNodes),v.childNodes),E[v.childNodes.length].nodeType\}catch(fa)\{H=\{apply:E.length?function(a,b)\{G.apply(a,I.call(b))\}:function(a,b)\{var c=a.length,d=0;while(a[c++]=b[d++]);a.length=c-1\}\}\}function ga(a,b,d,e)\{var f,h,j,k,l,o,r,s,w,x;if((b?b.ownerDocument||b:v)!==n&&m(b),b=b||n,d=d||[],k=b.nodeType,"string"!=typeof a||!a||1!==k&&9!==k&&11!==k)return d;if(!e&&p)\{if(11!==k&&(f=_.exec(a)))if(j=f[1])\{if(9===k)\{if(h=b.getElementById(j),!h||!h.parentNode)return d;if(h.id===j)return d.push(h),d\}else if(b.ownerDocument&&(h=b.ownerDocument.getElementById(j))&&t(b,h)&&h.id===j)return d.push(h),d\}else\{if(f[2])return H.apply(d,b.getElementsByTagName(a)),d;if((j=f[3])&&c.getElementsByClassName)return H.apply(d,b.getElementsByClassName(j)),d\}if(c.qsa&&(!q||!q.test(a)))\{if(s=r=u,w=b,x=1!==k&&a,1===k&&"object"!==b.nodeName.toLowerCase())\{o=g(a),(r=b.getAttribute("id"))?s=r.replace(ba,"\\\\$&"):b.setAttribute("id",s),s="[id='"+s+"'] ",l=o.length;while(l--)o[l]=s+ra(o[l]);w=aa.test(a)&&pa(b.parentNode)||b,x=o.join(",")\}if(x)try\{return H.apply(d,w.querySelectorAll(x)),d\}catch(y)\{\}finally\{r||b.removeAttribute("id")\}\}\}return i(a.replace(R,"$1"),b,d,e)\}function ha()\{var a=[];function b(c,e)\{return a.push(c+" ")>d.cacheLength&&delete b[a.shift()],b[c+" "]=e\}return b\}function ia(a)\{return a[u]=!0,a\}function ja(a)\{var b=n.createElement("div");try\{return!!a(b)\}catch(c)\{return!1\}finally\{b.parentNode&&b.parentNode.removeChild(b),b=null\}\}function ka(a,b)\{var c=a.split("|"),e=a.length;while(e--)d.attrHandle[c[e]]=b\}function la(a,b)\{var c=b&&a,d=c&&1===a.nodeType&&1===b.nodeType&&(~b.sourceIndex||C)-(~a.sourceIndex||C);if(d)return d;if(c)while(c=c.nextSibling)if(c===b)return-1;return a?1:-1\}function ma(a)\{return function(b)\{var c=b.nodeName.toLowerCase();return"input"===c&&b.type===a\}\}function na(a)\{return function(b)\{var c=b.nodeName.toLowerCase();return("input"===c||"button"===c)&&b.type===a\}\}function oa(a)\{return ia(function(b)\{return b=+b,ia(function(c,d)\{var e,f=a([],c.length,b),g=f.length;while(g--)c[e=f[g]]&&(c[e]=!(d[e]=c[e]))\})\})\}function pa(a)\{return a&&"undefined"!=typeof a.getElementsByTagName&&a\}c=ga.support=\{\},f=ga.isXML=function(a)\{var b=a&&(a.ownerDocument||a).documentElement;return b?"HTML"!==b.nodeName:!1\},m=ga.setDocument=function(a)\{var b,e,g=a?a.ownerDocument||a:v;return g!==n&&9===g.nodeType&&g.documentElement?(n=g,o=g.documentElement,e=g.defaultView,e&&e!==e.top&&(e.addEventListener?e.addEventListener("unload",ea,!1):e.attachEvent&&e.attachEvent("onunload",ea)),p=!f(g),c.attributes=ja(function(a)\{return a.className="i",!a.getAttribute("className")\}),c.getElementsByTagName=ja(function(a)\{return a.appendChild(g.createComment("")),!a.getElementsByTagName("*").length\}),c.getElementsByClassName=$.test(g.getElementsByClassName),c.getById=ja(function(a)\{return o.appendChild(a).id=u,!g.getElementsByName||!g.getElementsByName(u).length\}),c.getById?(d.find.ID=function(a,b)\{if("undefined"!=typeof b.getElementById&&p)\{var c=b.getElementById(a);return c&&c.parentNode?[c]:[]\}\},d.filter.ID=function(a)\{var b=a.replace(ca,da);return function(a)\{return a.getAttribute("id")===b\}\}):(delete d.find.ID,d.filter.ID=function(a)\{var b=a.replace(ca,da);return function(a)\{var c="undefined"!=typeof a.getAttributeNode&&a.getAttributeNode("id");return c&&c.value===b\}\}),d.find.TAG=c.getElementsByTagName?function(a,b)\{return"undefined"!=typeof b.getElementsByTagName?b.getElementsByTagName(a):c.qsa?b.querySelectorAll(a):void 0\}:function(a,b)\{var c,d=[],e=0,f=b.getElementsByTagName(a);if("*"===a)\{while(c=f[e++])1===c.nodeType&&d.push(c);return d\}return f\},d.find.CLASS=c.getElementsByClassName&&function(a,b)\{return p?b.getElementsByClassName(a):void 0\},r=[],q=[],(c.qsa=$.test(g.querySelectorAll))&&(ja(function(a)\{o.appendChild(a).innerHTML="<a id='"+u+"'></a><select id='"+u+"-\\f]' msallowcapture=''><option selected=''></option></select>",a.querySelectorAll("[msallowcapture^='']").length&&q.push("[*^$]="+L+"*(?:''|\\"\\")"),a.querySelectorAll("[selected]").length||q.push("\\\\["+L+"*(?:value|"+K+")"),a.querySelectorAll("[id~="+u+"-]").length||q.push("~="),a.querySelectorAll(":checked").length||q.push(":checked"),a.querySelectorAll("a#"+u+"+*").length||q.push(".#.+[+~]")\}),ja(function(a)\{var b=g.createElement("input");b.setAttribute("type","hidden"),a.appendChild(b).setAttribute("name","D"),a.querySelectorAll("[name=d]").length&&q.push("name"+L+"*[*^$|!~]?="),a.querySelectorAll(":enabled").length||q.push(":enabled",":disabled"),a.querySelectorAll("*,:x"),q.push(",.*:")\})),(c.matchesSelector=$.test(s=o.matches||o.webkitMatchesSelector||o.mozMatchesSelector||o.oMatchesSelector||o.msMatchesSelector))&&ja(function(a)\{c.disconnectedMatch=s.call(a,"div"),s.call(a,"[s!='']:x"),r.push("!=",P)\}),q=q.length&&new RegExp(q.join("|")),r=r.length&&new RegExp(r.join("|")),b=$.test(o.compareDocumentPosition),t=b||$.test(o.contains)?function(a,b)\{var c=9===a.nodeType?a.documentElement:a,d=b&&b.parentNode;return a===d||!(!d||1!==d.nodeType||!(c.contains?c.contains(d):a.compareDocumentPosition&&16&a.compareDocumentPosition(d)))\}:function(a,b)\{if(b)while(b=b.parentNode)if(b===a)return!0;return!1\},B=b?function(a,b)\{if(a===b)return l=!0,0;var d=!a.compareDocumentPosition-!b.compareDocumentPosition;return d?d:(d=(a.ownerDocument||a)===(b.ownerDocument||b)?a.compareDocumentPosition(b):1,1&d||!c.sortDetached&&b.compareDocumentPosition(a)===d?a===g||a.ownerDocument===v&&t(v,a)?-1:b===g||b.ownerDocument===v&&t(v,b)?1:k?J(k,a)-J(k,b):0:4&d?-1:1)\}:function(a,b)\{if(a===b)return l=!0,0;var c,d=0,e=a.parentNode,f=b.parentNode,h=[a],i=[b];if(!e||!f)return a===g?-1:b===g?1:e?-1:f?1:k?J(k,a)-J(k,b):0;if(e===f)return la(a,b);c=a;while(c=c.parentNode)h.unshift(c);c=b;while(c=c.parentNode)i.unshift(c);while(h[d]===i[d])d++;return d?la(h[d],i[d]):h[d]===v?-1:i[d]===v?1:0\},g):n\},ga.matches=function(a,b)\{return ga(a,null,null,b)\},ga.matchesSelector=function(a,b)\{if((a.ownerDocument||a)!==n&&m(a),b=b.replace(U,"='$1']"),!(!c.matchesSelector||!p||r&&r.test(b)||q&&q.test(b)))try\{var d=s.call(a,b);if(d||c.disconnectedMatch||a.document&&11!==a.document.nodeType)return d\}catch(e)\{\}return ga(b,n,null,[a]).length>0\},ga.contains=function(a,b)\{return(a.ownerDocument||a)!==n&&m(a),t(a,b)\},ga.attr=function(a,b)\{(a.ownerDocument||a)!==n&&m(a);var e=d.attrHandle[b.toLowerCase()],f=e&&D.call(d.attrHandle,b.toLowerCase())?e(a,b,!p):void 0;return void 0!==f?f:c.attributes||!p?a.getAttribute(b):(f=a.getAttributeNode(b))&&f.specified?f.value:null\},ga.error=function(a)\{throw new Error("Syntax error, unrecognized expression: "+a)\},ga.uniqueSort=function(a)\{var b,d=[],e=0,f=0;if(l=!c.detectDuplicates,k=!c.sortStable&&a.slice(0),a.sort(B),l)\{while(b=a[f++])b===a[f]&&(e=d.push(f));while(e--)a.splice(d[e],1)\}return k=null,a\},e=ga.getText=function(a)\{var b,c="",d=0,f=a.nodeType;if(f)\{if(1===f||9===f||11===f)\{if("string"==typeof a.textContent)return a.textContent;for(a=a.firstChild;a;a=a.nextSibling)c+=e(a)\}else if(3===f||4===f)return a.nodeValue\}else while(b=a[d++])c+=e(b);return c\},d=ga.selectors=\{cacheLength:50,createPseudo:ia,match:X,attrHandle:\{\},find:\{\},relative:\{">":\{dir:"parentNode",first:!0\}," ":\{dir:"parentNode"\},"+":\{dir:"previousSibling",first:!0\},"~":\{dir:"previousSibling"\}\},preFilter:\{ATTR:function(a)\{return a[1]=a[1].replace(ca,da),a[3]=(a[3]||a[4]||a[5]||"").replace(ca,da),"~="===a[2]&&(a[3]=" "+a[3]+" "),a.slice(0,4)\},CHILD:function(a)\{return a[1]=a[1].toLowerCase(),"nth"===a[1].slice(0,3)?(a[3]||ga.error(a[0]),a[4]=+(a[4]?a[5]+(a[6]||1):2*("even"===a[3]||"odd"===a[3])),a[5]=+(a[7]+a[8]||"odd"===a[3])):a[3]&&ga.error(a[0]),a\},PSEUDO:function(a)\{var b,c=!a[6]&&a[2];return X.CHILD.test(a[0])?null:(a[3]?a[2]=a[4]||a[5]||"":c&&V.test(c)&&(b=g(c,!0))&&(b=c.indexOf(")",c.length-b)-c.length)&&(a[0]=a[0].slice(0,b),a[2]=c.slice(0,b)),a.slice(0,3))\}\},filter:\{TAG:function(a)\{var b=a.replace(ca,da).toLowerCase();return"*"===a?function()\{return!0\}:function(a)\{return a.nodeName&&a.nodeName.toLowerCase()===b\}\},CLASS:function(a)\{var b=y[a+" "];return b||(b=new RegExp("(^|"+L+")"+a+"("+L+"|$)"))&&y(a,function(a)\{return b.test("string"==typeof a.className&&a.className||"undefined"!=typeof a.getAttribute&&a.getAttribute("class")||"")\})\},ATTR:function(a,b,c)\{return function(d)\{var e=ga.attr(d,a);return null==e?"!="===b:b?(e+="","="===b?e===c:"!="===b?e!==c:"^="===b?c&&0===e.indexOf(c):"*="===b?c&&e.indexOf(c)>-1:"$="===b?c&&e.slice(-c.length)===c:"~="===b?(" "+e.replace(Q," ")+" ").indexOf(c)>-1:"|="===b?e===c||e.slice(0,c.length+1)===c+"-":!1):!0\}\},CHILD:function(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f="nth"!==a.slice(0,3),g="last"!==a.slice(-4),h="of-type"===b;return 1===d&&0===e?function(a)\{return!!a.parentNode\}:function(b,c,i)\{var j,k,l,m,n,o,p=f!==g?"nextSibling":"previousSibling",q=b.parentNode,r=h&&b.nodeName.toLowerCase(),s=!i&&!h;if(q)\{if(f)\{while(p)\{l=b;while(l=l[p])if(h?l.nodeName.toLowerCase()===r:1===l.nodeType)return!1;o=p="only"===a&&!o&&"nextSibling"\}return!0\}if(o=[g?q.firstChild:q.lastChild],g&&s)\{k=q[u]||(q[u]=\{\}),j=k[a]||[],n=j[0]===w&&j[1],m=j[0]===w&&j[2],l=n&&q.childNodes[n];while(l=++n&&l&&l[p]||(m=n=0)||o.pop())if(1===l.nodeType&&++m&&l===b)\{k[a]=[w,n,m];break\}\}else if(s&&(j=(b[u]||(b[u]=\{\}))[a])&&j[0]===w)m=j[1];else while(l=++n&&l&&l[p]||(m=n=0)||o.pop())if((h?l.nodeName.toLowerCase()===r:1===l.nodeType)&&++m&&(s&&((l[u]||(l[u]=\{\}))[a]=[w,m]),l===b))break;return m-=e,m===d||m%d===0&&m/d>=0\}\}\},PSEUDO:function(a,b)\{var c,e=d.pseudos[a]||d.setFilters[a.toLowerCase()]||ga.error("unsupported pseudo: "+a);return e[u]?e(b):e.length>1?(c=[a,a,"",b],d.setFilters.hasOwnProperty(a.toLowerCase())?ia(function(a,c)\{var d,f=e(a,b),g=f.length;while(g--)d=J(a,f[g]),a[d]=!(c[d]=f[g])\}):function(a)\{return e(a,0,c)\}):e\}\},pseudos:\{not:ia(function(a)\{var b=[],c=[],d=h(a.replace(R,"$1"));return d[u]?ia(function(a,b,c,e)\{var f,g=d(a,null,e,[]),h=a.length;while(h--)(f=g[h])&&(a[h]=!(b[h]=f))\}):function(a,e,f)\{return b[0]=a,d(b,null,f,c),b[0]=null,!c.pop()\}\}),has:ia(function(a)\{return function(b)\{return ga(a,b).length>0\}\}),contains:ia(function(a)\{return a=a.replace(ca,da),function(b)\{return(b.textContent||b.innerText||e(b)).indexOf(a)>-1\}\}),lang:ia(function(a)\{return W.test(a||"")||ga.error("unsupported lang: "+a),a=a.replace(ca,da).toLowerCase(),function(b)\{var c;do if(c=p?b.lang:b.getAttribute("xml:lang")||b.getAttribute("lang"))return c=c.toLowerCase(),c===a||0===c.indexOf(a+"-");while((b=b.parentNode)&&1===b.nodeType);return!1\}\}),target:function(b)\{var c=a.location&&a.location.hash;return c&&c.slice(1)===b.id\},root:function(a)\{return a===o\},focus:function(a)\{return a===n.activeElement&&(!n.hasFocus||n.hasFocus())&&!!(a.type||a.href||~a.tabIndex)\},enabled:function(a)\{return a.disabled===!1\},disabled:function(a)\{return a.disabled===!0\},checked:function(a)\{var b=a.nodeName.toLowerCase();return"input"===b&&!!a.checked||"option"===b&&!!a.selected\},selected:function(a)\{return a.parentNode&&a.parentNode.selectedIndex,a.selected===!0\},empty:function(a)\{for(a=a.firstChild;a;a=a.nextSibling)if(a.nodeType<6)return!1;return!0\},parent:function(a)\{return!d.pseudos.empty(a)\},header:function(a)\{return Z.test(a.nodeName)\},input:function(a)\{return Y.test(a.nodeName)\},button:function(a)\{var b=a.nodeName.toLowerCase();return"input"===b&&"button"===a.type||"button"===b\},text:function(a)\{var b;return"input"===a.nodeName.toLowerCase()&&"text"===a.type&&(null==(b=a.getAttribute("type"))||"text"===b.toLowerCase())\},first:oa(function()\{return[0]\}),last:oa(function(a,b)\{return[b-1]\}),eq:oa(function(a,b,c)\{return[0>c?c+b:c]\}),even:oa(function(a,b)\{for(var c=0;b>c;c+=2)a.push(c);return a\}),odd:oa(function(a,b)\{for(var c=1;b>c;c+=2)a.push(c);return a\}),lt:oa(function(a,b,c)\{for(var d=0>c?c+b:c;--d>=0;)a.push(d);return a\}),gt:oa(function(a,b,c)\{for(var d=0>c?c+b:c;++d<b;)a.push(d);return a\})\}\},d.pseudos.nth=d.pseudos.eq;for(b in\{radio:!0,checkbox:!0,file:!0,password:!0,image:!0\})d.pseudos[b]=ma(b);for(b in\{submit:!0,reset:!0\})d.pseudos[b]=na(b);function qa()\{\}qa.prototype=d.filters=d.pseudos,d.setFilters=new qa,g=ga.tokenize=function(a,b)\{var c,e,f,g,h,i,j,k=z[a+" "];if(k)return b?0:k.slice(0);h=a,i=[],j=d.preFilter;while(h)\{(!c||(e=S.exec(h)))&&(e&&(h=h.slice(e[0].length)||h),i.push(f=[])),c=!1,(e=T.exec(h))&&(c=e.shift(),f.push(\{value:c,type:e[0].replace(R," ")\}),h=h.slice(c.length));for(g in d.filter)!(e=X[g].exec(h))||j[g]&&!(e=j[g](e))||(c=e.shift(),f.push(\{value:c,type:g,matches:e\}),h=h.slice(c.length));if(!c)break\}return b?h.length:h?ga.error(a):z(a,i).slice(0)\};function ra(a)\{for(var b=0,c=a.length,d="";c>b;b++)d+=a[b].value;return d\}function sa(a,b,c)\{var d=b.dir,e=c&&"parentNode"===d,f=x++;return b.first?function(b,c,f)\{while(b=b[d])if(1===b.nodeType||e)return a(b,c,f)\}:function(b,c,g)\{var h,i,j=[w,f];if(g)\{while(b=b[d])if((1===b.nodeType||e)&&a(b,c,g))return!0\}else while(b=b[d])if(1===b.nodeType||e)\{if(i=b[u]||(b[u]=\{\}),(h=i[d])&&h[0]===w&&h[1]===f)return j[2]=h[2];if(i[d]=j,j[2]=a(b,c,g))return!0\}\}\}function ta(a)\{return a.length>1?function(b,c,d)\{var e=a.length;while(e--)if(!a[e](b,c,d))return!1;return!0\}:a[0]\}function ua(a,b,c)\{for(var d=0,e=b.length;e>d;d++)ga(a,b[d],c);return c\}function va(a,b,c,d,e)\{for(var f,g=[],h=0,i=a.length,j=null!=b;i>h;h++)(f=a[h])&&(!c||c(f,d,e))&&(g.push(f),j&&b.push(h));return g\}function wa(a,b,c,d,e,f)\{return d&&!d[u]&&(d=wa(d)),e&&!e[u]&&(e=wa(e,f)),ia(function(f,g,h,i)\{var j,k,l,m=[],n=[],o=g.length,p=f||ua(b||"*",h.nodeType?[h]:h,[]),q=!a||!f&&b?p:va(p,m,a,h,i),r=c?e||(f?a:o||d)?[]:g:q;if(c&&c(q,r,h,i),d)\{j=va(r,n),d(j,[],h,i),k=j.length;while(k--)(l=j[k])&&(r[n[k]]=!(q[n[k]]=l))\}if(f)\{if(e||a)\{if(e)\{j=[],k=r.length;while(k--)(l=r[k])&&j.push(q[k]=l);e(null,r=[],j,i)\}k=r.length;while(k--)(l=r[k])&&(j=e?J(f,l):m[k])>-1&&(f[j]=!(g[j]=l))\}\}else r=va(r===g?r.splice(o,r.length):r),e?e(null,g,r,i):H.apply(g,r)\})\}function xa(a)\{for(var b,c,e,f=a.length,g=d.relative[a[0].type],h=g||d.relative[" "],i=g?1:0,k=sa(function(a)\{return a===b\},h,!0),l=sa(function(a)\{return J(b,a)>-1\},h,!0),m=[function(a,c,d)\{var e=!g&&(d||c!==j)||((b=c).nodeType?k(a,c,d):l(a,c,d));return b=null,e\}];f>i;i++)if(c=d.relative[a[i].type])m=[sa(ta(m),c)];else\{if(c=d.filter[a[i].type].apply(null,a[i].matches),c[u])\{for(e=++i;f>e;e++)if(d.relative[a[e].type])break;return wa(i>1&&ta(m),i>1&&ra(a.slice(0,i-1).concat(\{value:" "===a[i-2].type?"*":""\})).replace(R,"$1"),c,e>i&&xa(a.slice(i,e)),f>e&&xa(a=a.slice(e)),f>e&&ra(a))\}m.push(c)\}return ta(m)\}function ya(a,b)\{var c=b.length>0,e=a.length>0,f=function(f,g,h,i,k)\{var l,m,o,p=0,q="0",r=f&&[],s=[],t=j,u=f||e&&d.find.TAG("*",k),v=w+=null==t?1:Math.random()||.1,x=u.length;for(k&&(j=g!==n&&g);q!==x&&null!=(l=u[q]);q++)\{if(e&&l)\{m=0;while(o=a[m++])if(o(l,g,h))\{i.push(l);break\}k&&(w=v)\}c&&((l=!o&&l)&&p--,f&&r.push(l))\}if(p+=q,c&&q!==p)\{m=0;while(o=b[m++])o(r,s,g,h);if(f)\{if(p>0)while(q--)r[q]||s[q]||(s[q]=F.call(i));s=va(s)\}H.apply(i,s),k&&!f&&s.length>0&&p+b.length>1&&ga.uniqueSort(i)\}return k&&(w=v,j=t),r\};return c?ia(f):f\}return h=ga.compile=function(a,b)\{var c,d=[],e=[],f=A[a+" "];if(!f)\{b||(b=g(a)),c=b.length;while(c--)f=xa(b[c]),f[u]?d.push(f):e.push(f);f=A(a,ya(e,d)),f.selector=a\}return f\},i=ga.select=function(a,b,e,f)\{var i,j,k,l,m,n="function"==typeof a&&a,o=!f&&g(a=n.selector||a);if(e=e||[],1===o.length)\{if(j=o[0]=o[0].slice(0),j.length>2&&"ID"===(k=j[0]).type&&c.getById&&9===b.nodeType&&p&&d.relative[j[1].type])\{if(b=(d.find.ID(k.matches[0].replace(ca,da),b)||[])[0],!b)return e;n&&(b=b.parentNode),a=a.slice(j.shift().value.length)\}i=X.needsContext.test(a)?0:j.length;while(i--)\{if(k=j[i],d.relative[l=k.type])break;if((m=d.find[l])&&(f=m(k.matches[0].replace(ca,da),aa.test(j[0].type)&&pa(b.parentNode)||b)))\{if(j.splice(i,1),a=f.length&&ra(j),!a)return H.apply(e,f),e;break\}\}\}return(n||h(a,o))(f,b,!p,e,aa.test(a)&&pa(b.parentNode)||b),e\},c.sortStable=u.split("").sort(B).join("")===u,c.detectDuplicates=!!l,m(),c.sortDetached=ja(function(a)\{return 1&a.compareDocumentPosition(n.createElement("div"))\}),ja(function(a)\{return a.innerHTML="<a href='#'></a>","#"===a.firstChild.getAttribute("href")\})||ka("type|href|height|width",function(a,b,c)\{return c?void 0:a.getAttribute(b,"type"===b.toLowerCase()?1:2)\}),c.attributes&&ja(function(a)\{return a.innerHTML="<input/>",a.firstChild.setAttribute("value",""),""===a.firstChild.getAttribute("value")\})||ka("value",function(a,b,c)\{return c||"input"!==a.nodeName.toLowerCase()?void 0:a.defaultValue\}),ja(function(a)\{return null==a.getAttribute("disabled")\})||ka(K,function(a,b,c)\{var d;return c?void 0:a[b]===!0?b.toLowerCase():(d=a.getAttributeNode(b))&&d.specified?d.value:null\}),ga\}(a);n.find=t,n.expr=t.selectors,n.expr[":"]=n.expr.pseudos,n.unique=t.uniqueSort,n.text=t.getText,n.isXMLDoc=t.isXML,n.contains=t.contains;var u=n.expr.match.needsContext,v=/^<(\\w+)\\s*\\/?>(?:<\\/\\1>|)$/,w=/^.[^:#\\[\\.,]*$/;function x(a,b,c)\{if(n.isFunction(b))return n.grep(a,function(a,d)\{return!!b.call(a,d,a)!==c\});if(b.nodeType)return n.grep(a,function(a)\{return a===b!==c\});if("string"==typeof b)\{if(w.test(b))return n.filter(b,a,c);b=n.filter(b,a)\}return n.grep(a,function(a)\{return g.call(b,a)>=0!==c\})\}n.filter=function(a,b,c)\{var d=b[0];return c&&(a=":not("+a+")"),1===b.length&&1===d.nodeType?n.find.matchesSelector(d,a)?[d]:[]:n.find.matches(a,n.grep(b,function(a)\{return 1===a.nodeType\}))\},n.fn.extend(\{find:function(a)\{var b,c=this.length,d=[],e=this;if("string"!=typeof a)return this.pushStack(n(a).filter(function()\{for(b=0;c>b;b++)if(n.contains(e[b],this))return!0\}));for(b=0;c>b;b++)n.find(a,e[b],d);return d=this.pushStack(c>1?n.unique(d):d),d.selector=this.selector?this.selector+" "+a:a,d\},filter:function(a)\{return this.pushStack(x(this,a||[],!1))\},not:function(a)\{return this.pushStack(x(this,a||[],!0))\},is:function(a)\{return!!x(this,"string"==typeof a&&u.test(a)?n(a):a||[],!1).length\}\});var y,z=/^(?:\\s*(<[\\w\\W]+>)[^>]*|#([\\w-]*))$/,A=n.fn.init=function(a,b)\{var c,d;if(!a)return this;if("string"==typeof a)\{if(c="<"===a[0]&&">"===a[a.length-1]&&a.length>=3?[null,a,null]:z.exec(a),!c||!c[1]&&b)return!b||b.jquery?(b||y).find(a):this.constructor(b).find(a);if(c[1])\{if(b=b instanceof n?b[0]:b,n.merge(this,n.parseHTML(c[1],b&&b.nodeType?b.ownerDocument||b:l,!0)),v.test(c[1])&&n.isPlainObject(b))for(c in b)n.isFunction(this[c])?this[c](b[c]):this.attr(c,b[c]);return this\}return d=l.getElementById(c[2]),d&&d.parentNode&&(this.length=1,this[0]=d),this.context=l,this.selector=a,this\}return a.nodeType?(this.context=this[0]=a,this.length=1,this):n.isFunction(a)?"undefined"!=typeof y.ready?y.ready(a):a(n):(void 0!==a.selector&&(this.selector=a.selector,this.context=a.context),n.makeArray(a,this))\};A.prototype=n.fn,y=n(l);var B=/^(?:parents|prev(?:Until|All))/,C=\{children:!0,contents:!0,next:!0,prev:!0\};n.extend(\{dir:function(a,b,c)\{var d=[],e=void 0!==c;while((a=a[b])&&9!==a.nodeType)if(1===a.nodeType)\{if(e&&n(a).is(c))break;d.push(a)\}return d\},sibling:function(a,b)\{for(var c=[];a;a=a.nextSibling)1===a.nodeType&&a!==b&&c.push(a);return c\}\}),n.fn.extend(\{has:function(a)\{var b=n(a,this),c=b.length;return this.filter(function()\{for(var a=0;c>a;a++)if(n.contains(this,b[a]))return!0\})\},closest:function(a,b)\{for(var c,d=0,e=this.length,f=[],g=u.test(a)||"string"!=typeof a?n(a,b||this.context):0;e>d;d++)for(c=this[d];c&&c!==b;c=c.parentNode)if(c.nodeType<11&&(g?g.index(c)>-1:1===c.nodeType&&n.find.matchesSelector(c,a)))\{f.push(c);break\}return this.pushStack(f.length>1?n.unique(f):f)\},index:function(a)\{return a?"string"==typeof a?g.call(n(a),this[0]):g.call(this,a.jquery?a[0]:a):this[0]&&this[0].parentNode?this.first().prevAll().length:-1\},add:function(a,b)\{return this.pushStack(n.unique(n.merge(this.get(),n(a,b))))\},addBack:function(a)\{return this.add(null==a?this.prevObject:this.prevObject.filter(a))\}\});function D(a,b)\{while((a=a[b])&&1!==a.nodeType);return a\}n.each(\{parent:function(a)\{var b=a.parentNode;return b&&11!==b.nodeType?b:null\},parents:function(a)\{return n.dir(a,"parentNode")\},parentsUntil:function(a,b,c)\{return n.dir(a,"parentNode",c)\},next:function(a)\{return D(a,"nextSibling")\},prev:function(a)\{return D(a,"previousSibling")\},nextAll:function(a)\{return n.dir(a,"nextSibling")\},prevAll:function(a)\{return n.dir(a,"previousSibling")\},nextUntil:function(a,b,c)\{return n.dir(a,"nextSibling",c)\},prevUntil:function(a,b,c)\{return n.dir(a,"previousSibling",c)\},siblings:function(a)\{return n.sibling((a.parentNode||\{\}).firstChild,a)\},children:function(a)\{return n.sibling(a.firstChild)\},contents:function(a)\{return a.contentDocument||n.merge([],a.childNodes)\}\},function(a,b)\{n.fn[a]=function(c,d)\{var e=n.map(this,b,c);return"Until"!==a.slice(-5)&&(d=c),d&&"string"==typeof d&&(e=n.filter(d,e)),this.length>1&&(C[a]||n.unique(e),B.test(a)&&e.reverse()),this.pushStack(e)\}\});var E=/\\S+/g,F=\{\};function G(a)\{var b=F[a]=\{\};return n.each(a.match(E)||[],function(a,c)\{b[c]=!0\}),b\}n.Callbacks=function(a)\{a="string"==typeof a?F[a]||G(a):n.extend(\{\},a);var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=[],i=!a.once&&[],j=function(l)\{for(b=a.memory&&l,c=!0,g=e||0,e=0,f=h.length,d=!0;h&&f>g;g++)if(h[g].apply(l[0],l[1])===!1&&a.stopOnFalse)\{b=!1;break\}d=!1,h&&(i?i.length&&j(i.shift()):b?h=[]:k.disable())\},k=\{add:function()\{if(h)\{var c=h.length;!function g(b)\{n.each(b,function(b,c)\{var d=n.type(c);"function"===d?a.unique&&k.has(c)||h.push(c):c&&c.length&&"string"!==d&&g(c)\})\}(arguments),d?f=h.length:b&&(e=c,j(b))\}return this\},remove:function()\{return h&&n.each(arguments,function(a,b)\{var c;while((c=n.inArray(b,h,c))>-1)h.splice(c,1),d&&(f>=c&&f--,g>=c&&g--)\}),this\},has:function(a)\{return a?n.inArray(a,h)>-1:!(!h||!h.length)\},empty:function()\{return h=[],f=0,this\},disable:function()\{return h=i=b=void 0,this\},disabled:function()\{return!h\},lock:function()\{return i=void 0,b||k.disable(),this\},locked:function()\{return!i\},fireWith:function(a,b)\{return!h||c&&!i||(b=b||[],b=[a,b.slice?b.slice():b],d?i.push(b):j(b)),this\},fire:function()\{return k.fireWith(this,arguments),this\},fired:function()\{return!!c\}\};return k\},n.extend(\{Deferred:function(a)\{var b=[["resolve","done",n.Callbacks("once memory"),"resolved"],["reject","fail",n.Callbacks("once memory"),"rejected"],["notify","progress",n.Callbacks("memory")]],c="pending",d=\{state:function()\{return c\},always:function()\{return e.done(arguments).fail(arguments),this\},then:function()\{var a=arguments;return n.Deferred(function(c)\{n.each(b,function(b,f)\{var g=n.isFunction(a[b])&&a[b];e[f[1]](function()\{var a=g&&g.apply(this,arguments);a&&n.isFunction(a.promise)?a.promise().done(c.resolve).fail(c.reject).progress(c.notify):c[f[0]+"With"](this===d?c.promise():this,g?[a]:arguments)\})\}),a=null\}).promise()\},promise:function(a)\{return null!=a?n.extend(a,d):d\}\},e=\{\};return d.pipe=d.then,n.each(b,function(a,f)\{var g=f[2],h=f[3];d[f[1]]=g.add,h&&g.add(function()\{c=h\},b[1^a][2].disable,b[2][2].lock),e[f[0]]=function()\{return e[f[0]+"With"](this===e?d:this,arguments),this\},e[f[0]+"With"]=g.fireWith\}),d.promise(e),a&&a.call(e,e),e\},when:function(a)\{var b=0,c=d.call(arguments),e=c.length,f=1!==e||a&&n.isFunction(a.promise)?e:0,g=1===f?a:n.Deferred(),h=function(a,b,c)\{return function(e)\{b[a]=this,c[a]=arguments.length>1?d.call(arguments):e,c===i?g.notifyWith(b,c):--f||g.resolveWith(b,c)\}\},i,j,k;if(e>1)for(i=new Array(e),j=new Array(e),k=new Array(e);e>b;b++)c[b]&&n.isFunction(c[b].promise)?c[b].promise().done(h(b,k,c)).fail(g.reject).progress(h(b,j,i)):--f;return f||g.resolveWith(k,c),g.promise()\}\});var H;n.fn.ready=function(a)\{return n.ready.promise().done(a),this\},n.extend(\{isReady:!1,readyWait:1,holdReady:function(a)\{a?n.readyWait++:n.ready(!0)\},ready:function(a)\{(a===!0?--n.readyWait:n.isReady)||(n.isReady=!0,a!==!0&&--n.readyWait>0||(H.resolveWith(l,[n]),n.fn.triggerHandler&&(n(l).triggerHandler("ready"),n(l).off("ready"))))\}\});function I()\{l.removeEventListener("DOMContentLoaded",I,!1),a.removeEventListener("load",I,!1),n.ready()\}n.ready.promise=function(b)\{return H||(H=n.Deferred(),"complete"===l.readyState?setTimeout(n.ready):(l.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded",I,!1),a.addEventListener("load",I,!1))),H.promise(b)\},n.ready.promise();var J=n.access=function(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=0,i=a.length,j=null==c;if("object"===n.type(c))\{e=!0;for(h in c)n.access(a,b,h,c[h],!0,f,g)\}else if(void 0!==d&&(e=!0,n.isFunction(d)||(g=!0),j&&(g?(b.call(a,d),b=null):(j=b,b=function(a,b,c)\{return j.call(n(a),c)\})),b))for(;i>h;h++)b(a[h],c,g?d:d.call(a[h],h,b(a[h],c)));return e?a:j?b.call(a):i?b(a[0],c):f\};n.acceptData=function(a)\{return 1===a.nodeType||9===a.nodeType||!+a.nodeType\};function K()\{Object.defineProperty(this.cache=\{\},0,\{get:function()\{return\{\}\}\}),this.expando=n.expando+K.uid++\}K.uid=1,K.accepts=n.acceptData,K.prototype=\{key:function(a)\{if(!K.accepts(a))return 0;var b=\{\},c=a[this.expando];if(!c)\{c=K.uid++;try\{b[this.expando]=\{value:c\},Object.defineProperties(a,b)\}catch(d)\{b[this.expando]=c,n.extend(a,b)\}\}return this.cache[c]||(this.cache[c]=\{\}),c\},set:function(a,b,c)\{var d,e=this.key(a),f=this.cache[e];if("string"==typeof b)f[b]=c;else if(n.isEmptyObject(f))n.extend(this.cache[e],b);else for(d in b)f[d]=b[d];return f\},get:function(a,b)\{var c=this.cache[this.key(a)];return void 0===b?c:c[b]\},access:function(a,b,c)\{var d;return void 0===b||b&&"string"==typeof b&&void 0===c?(d=this.get(a,b),void 0!==d?d:this.get(a,n.camelCase(b))):(this.set(a,b,c),void 0!==c?c:b)\},remove:function(a,b)\{var c,d,e,f=this.key(a),g=this.cache[f];if(void 0===b)this.cache[f]=\{\};else\{n.isArray(b)?d=b.concat(b.map(n.camelCase)):(e=n.camelCase(b),b in g?d=[b,e]:(d=e,d=d in g?[d]:d.match(E)||[])),c=d.length;while(c--)delete g[d[c]]\}\},hasData:function(a)\{return!n.isEmptyObject(this.cache[a[this.expando]]||\{\})\},discard:function(a)\{a[this.expando]&&delete this.cache[a[this.expando]]\}\};var L=new K,M=new K,N=/^(?:\\\{[\\w\\W]*\\\}|\\[[\\w\\W]*\\])$/,O=/([A-Z])/g;function P(a,b,c)\{var d;if(void 0===c&&1===a.nodeType)if(d="data-"+b.replace(O,"-$1").toLowerCase(),c=a.getAttribute(d),"string"==typeof c)\{try\{c="true"===c?!0:"false"===c?!1:"null"===c?null:+c+""===c?+c:N.test(c)?n.parseJSON(c):c\}catch(e)\{\}M.set(a,b,c)\}else c=void 0;return c\}n.extend(\{hasData:function(a)\{return M.hasData(a)||L.hasData(a)\},data:function(a,b,c)\{\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function a}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 2 of file jquery.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v b\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:b}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function b \{var {\b c}=[],{\b d}=c.slice,{\b e}=c.concat,{\b f}=c.push,{\b g}=c.indexOf,{\b h}=\{\},{\b i}=h.toString,{\b j}=h.hasOwnProperty,{\b k}=\{\},{\b l}={\b a.document},{\b m}="2.1.4",{\b n}=function({\b a},b)\{return new {\b n.fn.init}({\b a},b)\},{\b o}=/^[\\s\\uFEFF\\xA0]+|[\\s\\uFEFF\\xA0]+$/{\b g},{\b p}=/^-ms-/,{\b q}=/-([\\da-{\b z}])/gi,{\b r}=function({\b a},b)\{return b.toUpperCase()\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 2 of file jquery.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v extend\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:extend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b n} {\b n} extend =n.fn.extend=function()\{var {\b a},{\b b},{\b c},{\b d},{\b e},{\b f},{\b g}=arguments[0]||\{\},{\b h}=1,{\b i}=arguments.length,{\b j}=!1;for("boolean"==typeof {\b g}&&({\b j}={\b g},{\b g}=arguments[{\b h}]||\{\},{\b h}++),"object"==typeof {\b g}||n.isFunction({\b g})||({\b g}=\{\}),{\b h}==={\b i}&&({\b g}={\b this},{\b h}--);{\b i}>{\b h};{\b h}++){\b if}(null!=({\b a}=arguments[{\b h}]))for({\b b} in {\b a}){\b c}={\b g}[{\b b}],{\b d}={\b a}[{\b b}],g!=={\b d}&&({\b j}&&{\b d}&&(n.isPlainObject({\b d})||({\b e}=n.isArray({\b d})))?({\b e}?({\b e}=!1,{\b f}={\b c}&&n.isArray({\b c})?c:[]):{\b f}={\b c}&&n.isPlainObject({\b c})?c:\{\},{\b g}[{\b b}]=n.extend({\b j},{\b f},{\b d})):void 0!=={\b d}&&({\b g}[{\b b}]={\b d}));return {\b g}\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 2 of file jquery.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v fn\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:fn}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b n} fn =n.prototype=\{jquery:m,constructor:n,selector:"",length:0,toArray:function()\{return d.call({\b this})\},get:function({\b a})\{return null!={\b a}?0>{\b a}?{\b this}[{\b a}+this.length]:{\b this}[{\b a}]:d.call({\b this})\},pushStack:function({\b a})\{var {\b b}=n.merge(this.constructor(),{\b a});return b.prevObject={\b this},b.context=this.context,{\b b}\},each:function({\b a},{\b b})\{return {\b n.each}({\b this},{\b a},{\b b})\},map:function({\b a})\{return this.pushStack(n.map({\b this},function({\b b},{\b c})\{return a.call({\b b},{\b c},{\b b})\}))\},slice:function()\{return this.pushStack(d.apply({\b this},arguments))\},first:function()\{return this.eq(0)\},last:function()\{return this.eq(-1)\},eq:function({\b a})\{var {\b b}=this.length,{\b c}=+{\b a}+(0>{\b a}?b:0);return this.pushStack({\b c}>=0&&{\b b}>{\b c}?[{\b this}[{\b c}]]:[])\},end:function()\{return this.prevObject||this.constructor(null)\},push:f,sort:c.sort,splice:c.splice\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 2 of file jquery.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v undefined\:jquery.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.min.js\:undefined}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
undefined =typeof {\b window}?window:this}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 2 of file jquery.min.js.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/jquery.minicolors.min.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v !function\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:!function}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
!function (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 11 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    11               \{\par
   12     "function" == typeof define && define.amd ? define(["jquery"], i) : "object" == typeof exports ? module.exports = i(require("jquery")) : i(jQuery)\par
   13 \}(function ($) \{\par
}
}
{\xe \v a\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function a ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 38 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    38                  \{\par
   39         $(".minicolors-focus").each(function () \{\par
   40             var i = $(this), t = i.find(".minicolors-input"), o = i.find(".minicolors-panel"), a = t.data("minicolors-settings");\par
   41             o.fadeOut(a.hideSpeed, function () \{\par
   42                 a.hide && a.hide.call(t.get(0)), i.removeClass("minicolors-focus")\par
   43             \})\par
   44         \})\par
   45     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v b\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:b}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function b (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 229 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   229                   \{\par
  230         return i = i.match(/^rgba?[\\s+]?\\([\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?,[\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?,[\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?/i), i && 4 === i.length ? "#" + ("0" + parseInt(i[1], 10).toString(16)).slice(-2) + ("0" + parseInt(i[2], 10).toString(16)).slice(-2) + ("0" + parseInt(i[3], 10).toString(16)).slice(-2) : ""\par
  231     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v c\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:c}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function c (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 174 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   174                   \{\par
  175         var t = d($(i).val(), !0), o = k(t), a = $(i).attr("data-opacity");\par
  176         return o ? (void 0 !== a && $.extend(o, \{a: parseFloat(a)\}), o) : null\par
  177     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v C\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:C}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function C (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 244 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   244                   \{\par
  245         var t = M(k(i));\par
  246         return 0 === t.s && (t.h = 360), t\par
  247     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v d\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:d}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function d (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 188 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   188                      \{\par
  189         return i = i.replace(/^#/g, ""), i.match(/^[A-F0-9]\{3,6\}/gi) ? 3 !== i.length && 6 !== i.length ? "" : (3 === i.length && t && (i = i[0] + i[0] + i[1] + i[1] + i[2] + i[2]), "#" + i) : ""\par
  190     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v data\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b i} {\b document} data (  {\i "minicolors-target"},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:e}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function e (  {\i i},   {\i t},   {\i o})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 164 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   164                         \{\par
  165         var a = i.data("minicolors-settings"), s = i.data("minicolors-lastChange");\par
  166         s && s.value === t && s.opacity === o || (i.data("minicolors-lastChange", \{\par
  167             value: t,\par
  168             opacity: o\par
  169         \}), a.change && (a.changeDelay ? (clearTimeout(i.data("minicolors-changeTimeout")), i.data("minicolors-changeTimeout", setTimeout(function () \{\par
  170             a.change.call(i.get(0), t, o)\par
  171         \}, a.changeDelay))) : a.change.call(i.get(0), t, o)), i.trigger("change").trigger("input"))\par
  172     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v extend\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:extend}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
extend (  {\i $.},   {\i \{ minicolors: function (s, n) \{ switch (s) \{ case"destroy": return $(this).each(function () \{                        t($(this))                    \}), $(this); case"hide": return a(), $(this); case"opacity": return void 0 === n ? $(this).attr("data-opacity") : ($(this).each(function () \{                        r($(this).attr("data-opacity", n))                    \}), $(this)); case"rgbObject": return c($(this), "rgbaObject" === s); case"rgbString": case"rgbaString": return l($(this), "rgbaString" === s); case"settings": return void 0 === n ? $(this).data("minicolors-settings") : ($(this).each(function () \{                        var i = $(this).data("minicolors-settings") || \{\};                        t($(this)), $(this).minicolors($.extend(!0, i, n))                    \}), $(this)); case"show": return o($(this).eq(0)), $(this); case"value": return void 0 === n ? $(this).val() : ($(this).each(function () \{                        "object" == typeof n ? (n.opacity && $(this).attr("data-opacity", g(n.opacity, 0, 1)), n.color && $(this).val(n.color)) : $(this).val(n), r($(this))                    \}), $(this)); default: return "create" !== s && (n = s), $(this).each(function () \{                        i($(this), n)                    \}), $(this) \} \} \}})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v f\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:f}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function f (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 215 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   215                   \{\par
  216         var i = i.match(/^rgba?[\\s+]?\\([\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?,[\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?,[\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?,[\\s+]?(\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,2\})?|\\.\\d\{1,2\})[\\s+]?/i);\par
  217         return i && 6 === i.length ? i[4] : "1"\par
  218     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v g\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:g}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function g (  {\i i},   {\i t},   {\i o})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 206 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   206                         \{\par
  207         return t > i && (i = t), i > o && (i = o), i\par
  208     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v h\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:h}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function h (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 184 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   184                      \{\par
  185         return "uppercase" === t ? i.toUpperCase() : i.toLowerCase()\par
  186     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v i\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:i}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function i (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    15                      \{\par
   16         var o = $('<div class="minicolors" />'), a = $.minicolors.defaults, s = i.attr("data-opacity"), n;\par
   17         i.data("minicolors-initialized") || (t = $.extend(!0, \{\}, a, t), o.addClass("minicolors-theme-" + t.theme).toggleClass("minicolors-with-opacity", t.opacity).toggleClass("minicolors-no-data-uris", t.dataUris !== !0), void 0 !== t.position && $.each(t.position.split(" "), function () \{\par
   18             o.addClass("minicolors-position-" + this)\par
   19         \}), n = "rgb" === t.format ? t.opacity ? "25" : "20" : t.keywords ? "11" : "7", i.addClass("minicolors-input").data("minicolors-initialized", !1).data("minicolors-settings", t).prop("size", n).wrap(o).after('<div class="minicolors-panel minicolors-slider-' + t.control + '"><div class="minicolors-slider minicolors-sprite"><div class="minicolors-picker"></div></div><div class="minicolors-opacity-slider minicolors-sprite"><div class="minicolors-picker"></div></div><div class="minicolors-grid minicolors-sprite"><div class="minicolors-grid-inner"></div><div class="minicolors-picker"><div></div></div></div></div>'), t.inline || (i.after('<span class="minicolors-swatch minicolors-sprite"><span class="minicolors-swatch-color"></span></span>'), i.next(".minicolors-swatch").on("click", function (t) \{\par
   20             t.preventDefault(), i.focus()\par
   21         \})), i.parent().find(".minicolors-panel").on("selectstart", function () \{\par
   22             return !1\par
   23         \}).end(), t.inline && i.parent().addClass("minicolors-inline"), r(i, !1), i.data("minicolors-initialized", !0))\par
   24     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v k\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:k}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function k (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 254 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   254                   \{\par
  255         return i = parseInt(i.indexOf("#") > -1 ? i.substring(1) : i, 16), \{r: i >> 16, g: (65280 & i) >> 8, b: 255 & i\}\par
  256     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v l\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:l}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function l (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 179 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   179                      \{\par
  180         var o = d($(i).val(), !0), a = k(o), s = $(i).attr("data-opacity");\par
  181         return a ? (void 0 === s && (s = 1), t ? "rgba(" + a.r + ", " + a.g + ", " + a.b + ", " + parseFloat(s) + ")" : "rgb(" + a.r + ", " + a.g + ", " + a.b + ")") : null\par
  182     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v m\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function m (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 210 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   210                   \{\par
  211         var t = i.match(/^rgba?[\\s+]?\\([\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?,[\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?,[\\s+]?(\\d+)[\\s+]?/i);\par
  212         return t && 4 === t.length ? !0 : !1\par
  213     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v M\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function M (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 249 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   249                   \{\par
  250         var t = \{h: 0, s: 0, b: 0\}, o = Math.min(i.r, i.g, i.b), a = Math.max(i.r, i.g, i.b), s = a - o;\par
  251         return t.b = a, t.s = 0 !== a ? 255 * s / a : 0, 0 !== t.s ? i.r === a ? t.h = (i.g - i.b) / s : i.g === a ? t.h = 2 + (i.b - i.r) / s : t.h = 4 + (i.r - i.g) / s : t.h = -1, t.h *= 60, t.h < 0 && (t.h += 360), t.s *= 100 / 255, t.b *= 100 / 255, t\par
  252     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v n\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:n}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function n (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 59 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    59                      \{\par
   60         function o(i, t) \{\par
   61             var o, a;\par
   62             return i.length && t ? (o = i.offset().left, a = i.offset().top, \{\par
   63                 x: o - t.offset().left + i.outerWidth() / 2,\par
   64                 y: a - t.offset().top + i.outerHeight() / 2\par
   65             \}) : null\par
   66         \}\par
   67 \par
   68         var a, s, n, r, c, l, d, u = i.val(), p = i.attr("data-opacity"), m, f = i.parent(), v = i.data("minicolors-settings"), b = f.find(".minicolors-swatch"), y = f.find(".minicolors-grid"), C = f.find(".minicolors-slider"), M = f.find(".minicolors-opacity-slider"), x = y.find("[class$=-picker]"), I = C.find("[class$=-picker]"), S = M.find("[class$=-picker]"), z = o(x, y), F = o(I, C), j = o(S, M);\par
   69         if (t.is(".minicolors-grid, .minicolors-slider, .minicolors-opacity-slider")) \{\par
   70             switch (v.control) \{\par
   71                 case"wheel":\par
   72                     r = y.width() / 2 - z.x, c = y.height() / 2 - z.y, l = Math.sqrt(r * r + c * c), d = Math.atan2(c, r), 0 > d && (d += 2 * Math.PI), l > 75 && (l = 75, z.x = 69 - 75 * Math.cos(d), z.y = 69 - 75 * Math.sin(d)), s = g(l / .75, 0, 100), a = g(180 * d / Math.PI, 0, 360), n = g(100 - Math.floor(F.y * (100 / C.height())), 0, 100), u = w(\{\par
   73                         h: a,\par
   74                         s: s,\par
   75                         b: n\par
   76                     \}), C.css("backgroundColor", w(\{h: a, s: s, b: 100\}));\par
   77                     break;\par
   78                 case"saturation":\par
   79                     a = g(parseInt(z.x * (360 / y.width()), 10), 0, 360), s = g(100 - Math.floor(F.y * (100 / C.height())), 0, 100), n = g(100 - Math.floor(z.y * (100 / y.height())), 0, 100), u = w(\{\par
   80                         h: a,\par
   81                         s: s,\par
   82                         b: n\par
   83                     \}), C.css("backgroundColor", w(\{\par
   84                         h: a,\par
   85                         s: 100,\par
   86                         b: n\par
   87                     \})), f.find(".minicolors-grid-inner").css("opacity", s / 100);\par
   88                     break;\par
   89                 case"brightness":\par
   90                     a = g(parseInt(z.x * (360 / y.width()), 10), 0, 360), s = g(100 - Math.floor(z.y * (100 / y.height())), 0, 100), n = g(100 - Math.floor(F.y * (100 / C.height())), 0, 100), u = w(\{\par
   91                         h: a,\par
   92                         s: s,\par
   93                         b: n\par
   94                     \}), C.css("backgroundColor", w(\{\par
   95                         h: a,\par
   96                         s: s,\par
   97                         b: 100\par
   98                     \})), f.find(".minicolors-grid-inner").css("opacity", 1 - n / 100);\par
   99                     break;\par
  100                 default:\par
  101                     a = g(360 - parseInt(F.y * (360 / C.height()), 10), 0, 360), s = g(Math.floor(z.x * (100 / y.width())), 0, 100), n = g(100 - Math.floor(z.y * (100 / y.height())), 0, 100), u = w(\{\par
  102                         h: a,\par
  103                         s: s,\par
  104                         b: n\par
  105                     \}), y.css("backgroundColor", w(\{h: a, s: 100, b: 100\}))\par
  106             \}\par
  107             if (p = v.opacity ? parseFloat(1 - j.y / M.height()).toFixed(2) : 1, v.opacity && i.attr("data-opacity", p), "rgb" === v.format) \{\par
  108                 var D = k(u), p = "" === i.attr("data-opacity") ? 1 : g(parseFloat(i.attr("data-opacity")).toFixed(2), 0, 1);\par
  109                 (isNaN(p) || !v.opacity) && (p = 1), m = i.minicolors("rgbObject").a <= 1 && D && v.opacity ? "rgba(" + D.r + ", " + D.g + ", " + D.b + ", " + parseFloat(p) + ")" : "rgb(" + D.r + ", " + D.g + ", " + D.b + ")"\par
  110             \} else m = h(u, v.letterCase);\par
  111             i.val(m)\par
  112         \}\par
  113         b.find("span").css(\{backgroundColor: u, opacity: p\}), e(i, m, p)\par
  114     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v o\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:o}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function o (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 31 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    31                   \{\par
   32         var t = i.parent(), o = t.find(".minicolors-panel"), s = i.data("minicolors-settings");\par
   33         !i.data("minicolors-initialized") || i.prop("disabled") || t.hasClass("minicolors-inline") || t.hasClass("minicolors-focus") || (a(), t.addClass("minicolors-focus"), o.stop(!0, !0).fadeIn(s.showSpeed, function () \{\par
   34             s.show && s.show.call(i.get(0))\par
   35         \}))\par
   36     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v on\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:on}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b document} on (  {\i "mousedown.minicolors touchstart.minicolors"},   {\i function (i) \{ $(i.target).parents().add(i.target).hasClass("minicolors") || a() \}})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes sure button group for placing things on map is justified or not depending on the window size. }}\par
}
{\xe \v p\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:p}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function p (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 202 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   202                      \{\par
  203         return m(i) ? u(i) : d(i, t)\par
  204     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v preventDefault\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:preventDefault}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b i} preventDefault ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v r\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:r}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function r (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 116 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   116                      \{\par
  117         var o, a, s, n, r, c, l, v, y, M, k = i.parent(), x = i.data("minicolors-settings"), I = k.find(".minicolors-swatch"), S = k.find(".minicolors-grid"), z = k.find(".minicolors-slider"), F = k.find(".minicolors-opacity-slider"), j = S.find("[class$=-picker]"), D = z.find("[class$=-picker]"), T = F.find("[class$=-picker]");\par
  118         switch (m(i.val()) ? (o = b(i.val()), r = g(parseFloat(f(i.val())).toFixed(2), 0, 1), r && i.attr("data-opacity", r)) : o = h(d(i.val(), !0), x.letterCase), o || (o = h(p(x.defaultValue, !0), x.letterCase)), a = C(o), n = x.keywords ? $.map(x.keywords.split(","), function (i) \{\par
  119             return $.trim(i.toLowerCase())\par
  120         \}) : [], c = "" !== i.val() && $.inArray(i.val().toLowerCase(), n) > -1 ? h(i.val()) : m(i.val()) ? u(i.val()) : o, t || i.val(c), x.opacity && (s = "" === i.attr("data-opacity") ? 1 : g(parseFloat(i.attr("data-opacity")).toFixed(2), 0, 1), isNaN(s) && (s = 1), i.attr("data-opacity", s), I.find("span").css("opacity", s), v = g(F.height() - F.height() * s, 0, F.height()), T.css("top", v + "px")), "transparent" === i.val().toLowerCase() && I.find("span").css("opacity", 0), I.find("span").css("backgroundColor", o), x.control) \{\par
  121             case"wheel":\par
  122                 y = g(Math.ceil(.75 * a.s), 0, S.height() / 2), M = a.h * Math.PI / 180, l = g(75 - Math.cos(M) * y, 0, S.width()), v = g(75 - Math.sin(M) * y, 0, S.height()), j.css(\{\par
  123                     top: v + "px",\par
  124                     left: l + "px"\par
  125                 \}), v = 150 - a.b / (100 / S.height()), "" === o && (v = 0), D.css("top", v + "px"), z.css("backgroundColor", w(\{\par
  126                     h: a.h,\par
  127                     s: a.s,\par
  128                     b: 100\par
  129                 \}));\par
  130                 break;\par
  131             case"saturation":\par
  132                 l = g(5 * a.h / 12, 0, 150), v = g(S.height() - Math.ceil(a.b / (100 / S.height())), 0, S.height()), j.css(\{\par
  133                     top: v + "px",\par
  134                     left: l + "px"\par
  135                 \}), v = g(z.height() - a.s * (z.height() / 100), 0, z.height()), D.css("top", v + "px"), z.css("backgroundColor", w(\{\par
  136                     h: a.h,\par
  137                     s: 100,\par
  138                     b: a.b\par
  139                 \})), k.find(".minicolors-grid-inner").css("opacity", a.s / 100);\par
  140                 break;\par
  141             case"brightness":\par
  142                 l = g(5 * a.h / 12, 0, 150), v = g(S.height() - Math.ceil(a.s / (100 / S.height())), 0, S.height()), j.css(\{\par
  143                     top: v + "px",\par
  144                     left: l + "px"\par
  145                 \}), v = g(z.height() - a.b * (z.height() / 100), 0, z.height()), D.css("top", v + "px"), z.css("backgroundColor", w(\{\par
  146                     h: a.h,\par
  147                     s: a.s,\par
  148                     b: 100\par
  149                 \})), k.find(".minicolors-grid-inner").css("opacity", 1 - a.b / 100);\par
  150                 break;\par
  151             default:\par
  152                 l = g(Math.ceil(a.s / (100 / S.width())), 0, S.width()), v = g(S.height() - Math.ceil(a.b / (100 / S.height())), 0, S.height()), j.css(\{\par
  153                     top: v + "px",\par
  154                     left: l + "px"\par
  155                 \}), v = g(z.height() - a.h / (360 / z.height()), 0, z.height()), D.css("top", v + "px"), S.css("backgroundColor", w(\{\par
  156                     h: a.h,\par
  157                     s: 100,\par
  158                     b: 100\par
  159                 \}))\par
  160         \}\par
  161         i.data("minicolors-initialized") && e(i, c, s)\par
  162     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v s\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:s}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function s (  {\i i},   {\i t},   {\i o})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 47 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    47                         \{\par
   48         var a = i.parents(".minicolors").find(".minicolors-input"), s = a.data("minicolors-settings"), r = i.find("[class$=-picker]"), e = i.offset().left, c = i.offset().top, l = Math.round(t.pageX - e), h = Math.round(t.pageY - c), d = o ? s.animationSpeed : 0, u, p, g, m;\par
   49         t.originalEvent.changedTouches && (l = t.originalEvent.changedTouches[0].pageX - e, h = t.originalEvent.changedTouches[0].pageY - c), 0 > l && (l = 0), 0 > h && (h = 0), l > i.width() && (l = i.width()), h > i.height() && (h = i.height()), i.parent().is(".minicolors-slider-wheel") && r.parent().is(".minicolors-grid") && (u = 75 - l, p = 75 - h, g = Math.sqrt(u * u + p * p), m = Math.atan2(p, u), 0 > m && (m += 2 * Math.PI), g > 75 && (g = 75, l = 75 - 75 * Math.cos(m), h = 75 - 75 * Math.sin(m)), l = Math.round(l), h = Math.round(h)), i.is(".minicolors-grid") ? r.stop(!0).animate(\{\par
   50             top: h + "px",\par
   51             left: l + "px"\par
   52         \}, d, s.animationEasing, function () \{\par
   53             n(a, i)\par
   54         \}) : r.stop(!0).animate(\{top: h + "px"\}, d, s.animationEasing, function () \{\par
   55             n(a, i)\par
   56         \})\par
   57     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v s\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:s}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b i} {\b document} s (  {\i t},   {\i i}, !  {\i 0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v s\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:s}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b t}&& s (  {\i t},   {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v t\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function t (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 26 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    26                   \{\par
   27         var t = i.parent();\par
   28         i.removeData("minicolors-initialized").removeData("minicolors-settings").removeProp("size").removeClass("minicolors-input"), t.before(i).remove()\par
   29     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v u\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:u}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function u (  {\i i},   {\i t})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 192 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   192                      \{\par
  193         var o = i.replace(/[^\\d,.]/g, ""), a = o.split(","), s;\par
  194         return a[0] = g(parseInt(a[0], 10), 0, 255), a[1] = g(parseInt(a[1], 10), 0, 255), a[2] = g(parseInt(a[2], 10), 0, 255), a[3] && (a[3] = g(parseFloat(a[3], 10), 0, 1)), t ? \{\par
  195             r: a[0],\par
  196             g: a[1],\par
  197             b: a[2],\par
  198             a: a[3] ? a[3] : null\par
  199         \} : "undefined" != typeof a[3] && a[3] <= 1 ? "rgba(" + a[0] + ", " + a[1] + ", " + a[2] + ", " + a[3] + ")" : "rgb(" + a[0] + ", " + a[1] + ", " + a[2] + ")"\par
  200     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v v\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:v}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function v (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 220 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   220                   \{\par
  221         var t = \{\}, o = Math.round(i.h), a = Math.round(255 * i.s / 100), s = Math.round(255 * i.b / 100);\par
  222         if (0 === a)t.r = t.g = t.b = s; else \{\par
  223             var n = s, r = (255 - a) * s / 255, e = (n - r) * (o % 60) / 60;\par
  224             360 === o && (o = 0), 60 > o ? (t.r = n, t.b = r, t.g = r + e) : 120 > o ? (t.g = n, t.b = r, t.r = n - e) : 180 > o ? (t.g = n, t.r = r, t.b = r + e) : 240 > o ? (t.b = n, t.r = r, t.g = n - e) : 300 > o ? (t.b = n, t.g = r, t.r = r + e) : 360 > o ? (t.r = n, t.g = r, t.b = n - e) : (t.r = 0, t.g = 0, t.b = 0)\par
  225         \}\par
  226         return \{r: Math.round(t.r), g: Math.round(t.g), b: Math.round(t.b)\}\par
  227     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v w\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:w}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function w (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 240 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   240                   \{\par
  241         return y(v(i))\par
  242     \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v y\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:y}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function y (  {\i i})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 233 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   233                   \{\par
  234         var t = [i.r.toString(16), i.g.toString(16), i.b.toString(16)];\par
  235         return $.each(t, function (i, o) \{\par
  236             1 === o.length && (t[i] = "0" + o)\par
  237         \}), "#" + t.join("")\par
  238     \}\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v grid\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:grid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b document} {\b minicolors} grid}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 316 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v i\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:i}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function i}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \{\par
        var t = $(this)\par
}
{
Definition at line 316 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v minicolors\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:minicolors}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
minicolors}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = \{\par
        defaults: \{\par
            animationSpeed: 50,\par
            animationEasing: "swing",\par
            change: null,\par
            changeDelay: 0,\par
            control: "hue",\par
            dataUris: !0,\par
            defaultValue: "",\par
            format: "hex",\par
            hide: null,\par
            hideSpeed: 100,\par
            inline: !1,\par
            keywords: "",\par
            letterCase: "lowercase",\par
            opacity: !1,\par
            position: "bottom left",\par
            show: null,\par
            showSpeed: 100,\par
            theme: "default"\par
        \}\par
    \}\par
}
{
Definition at line 258 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v slider\:jquery.minicolors.min.js}
{\xe \v jquery.minicolors.min.js\:slider}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b document} {\b minicolors} {\b minicolors} {\b minicolors} opacity slider}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 316 of file jquery.minicolors.min.js.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/main.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/main.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/main.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addDeliveredPackages\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:addDeliveredPackages}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function addDeliveredPackages ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds delivered packages to packages monitored list if they aren't already there. }}\par
{
Definition at line 564 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   564                                 \{\par
  565     $.getJSON($SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data', \{"dt": "deliveredPackages"\}, function(data) \{\par
  566         // console.log(data.results);\par
  567         for(var i = 0; i < data.results.length; i++) \{\par
  568             //if(delivered.indexOf(data.results[i]) < 0) \{\par
  569             //    delivered.push(data.results[i]);\par
  570             //\}\par
  571             if(packagesMonitored.indexOf(data.results[i]) < 0) \{\par
  572                 packagesMonitored.push(data.results[i]);\par
  573                 addPackage(data.results[i]);\par
  574             \}\par
  575         \}\par
  576     \});\par
  577 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v addPackage\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:addPackage}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function addPackage (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Generic function to get package data from UUID and add to table. This is used by the load function and the adminLoad. }}\par
{
Definition at line 199 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   199                           \{\par
  200     if(!adminMode) \{\par
  201         $.cookie("packagesMonitored", JSON.stringify(packagesMonitored));\par
  202     \}\par
  203     $.ajax(\{\par
  204         type: 'GET',\par
  205         url: $SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data',\par
  206         dataType: 'json',\par
  207         success: function(data) \{\par
  208             var name = data.name;\par
  209             var start_coords = new google.maps.LatLng(data.start_coords[0], data.start_coords[1]);\par
  210             var end_coords = new google.maps.LatLng(data.end_coords[0], data.end_coords[1]);\par
  211             var curr_coords = new google.maps.LatLng(data.curr_coords[0], data.curr_coords[1]);\par
  212             destinations[uuid] = end_coords;\par
  213             colors[uuid] = getRandomColor();\par
  214             addRow(uuid, name, start_coords, curr_coords, end_coords)\par
  215             updateData();\par
  216         \},\par
  217         data: \{"dt":"initialData", "uuid":uuid\},\par
  218         async: true\par
  219     \});\par
  220 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v addPackageFromTextInput\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:addPackageFromTextInput}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function addPackageFromTextInput ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds package to table, monitored list after it's entered into text entry box. }}\par
{
Definition at line 172 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   172                                    \{\par
  173     var uuid = $("#newPackage").val();\par
  174     $.ajax(\{\par
  175         type: 'GET',\par
  176         url: $SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data',\par
  177         dataType: 'json',\par
  178         success: function(data) \{\par
  179             var isValidUUID = data.results;\par
  180             if(isValidUUID) \{\par
  181                 $("#newPackage").val("");\par
  182                 packagesMonitored.push(uuid);\par
  183                 addPackage(uuid);\par
  184             \} else \{\par
  185                 $("#invalidUUIDAlert").show();\par
  186                 $("#invalidUUIDAlert").fadeTo(2000, 500).slideUp(500, function()\{\par
  187                     $("#invalidUUIDAlert").hide();\par
  188                 \});\par
  189             \}\par
  190         \},\par
  191         data: \{"dt":"isValidUUID", "uuid":uuid\},\par
  192         async: true\par
  193     \});\par
  194 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v addRow\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:addRow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function addRow (  {\i uuid},   {\i name},   {\i start},   {\i current},   {\i dest})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a new row to the table in the page. }}\par
{
Definition at line 107 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   107                                                   \{\par
  108     var rowToAdd = populateRow(uuid, name);\par
  109     var dropDown = populateDropdown(uuid);\par
  110     // Adds row to table\par
  111     $('#packageTable > tbody:last-child').append(rowToAdd + "\\n" + dropDown);\par
  112     // Material design JS loads proper styling for checkboxes (has to be loaded every time)\par
  113     $.material.checkbox();\par
  114 \par
  115     if(packagesOnMap.indexOf(uuid) > -1) \{\par
  116         $("#checkbox" + uuid).prop("checked", true);\par
  117         //console.log("Status of " + "#checkbox" + uuid + ": " + $("#checkbox" + uuid).prop("checked"));\par
  118     \}\par
  119 \par
  120     // Loads color picker\par
  121     $("#color" + uuid).minicolors(\{\par
  122         theme: 'default',\par
  123         changedelay: 100,\par
  124         change: function(value, opacity) \{\par
  125             // console.log("value: " + value);\par
  126             colors[uuid] = value;\par
  127             if(uuid in destinationMapMarkers) \{\par
  128                 destinationMapMarkers[uuid].setIcon(pinSymbol(value));\par
  129             \}\par
  130             if(uuid in originMapMarkers) \{\par
  131                 originMapMarkers[uuid].setIcon(pinSymbol(value));\par
  132             \}\par
  133             if(uuid in mapLines) \{\par
  134                 mapLines[uuid].setOptions(\{strokeColor: value\});\par
  135             \}\par
  136             map.setZoom(map.getZoom());\par
  137         \}\par
  138 \par
  139     \});\par
  140 \par
  141     console.log("uuid: " + uuid);\par
  142     $(".dropdown-row").hide();\par
  143 \par
  144     // Puts locations in after row is already in (asynchronous)\par
  145     setLocationName("#current" + uuid, current);\par
  146     setLocationName("#start" + uuid, start);\par
  147     setLocationName("#dest" + uuid, dest);\par
  148 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v addUndeliveredPackages\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:addUndeliveredPackages}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function addUndeliveredPackages ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds undelivered packages to packages monitored list if they aren't already there. }}\par
{
Definition at line 550 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   550                                   \{\par
  551     $.getJSON($SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data', \{"dt": "undeliveredPackages"\}, function(data) \{\par
  552         // console.log(data.results);\par
  553         for(var i = 0; i < data.results.length; i++) \{\par
  554             if(packagesMonitored.indexOf(data.results[i]) < 0) \{\par
  555                 packagesMonitored.push(data.results[i]);\par
  556                 addPackage(data.results[i]);\par
  557             \}\par
  558         \}\par
  559     \});\par
  560 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v changeAdminMode\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:changeAdminMode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function changeAdminMode ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Toggles mode between admin mode and regular user. For now, this is not done with any type of secure communication. }}\par
{
Definition at line 356 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   356                            \{\par
  357 \par
  358     while(packagesMonitored.length > 0) \{\par
  359         //console.log("removing row " + packagesOnMap[0]);\par
  360         removeRow(packagesMonitored[0]);\par
  361         console.log(packagesMonitored);\par
  362     \}\par
  363     adminMode = !adminMode;\par
  364     if(!adminMode) \{\par
  365         $("#loginButton").html("Log in&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;");\par
  366         $("#deliveredPackagesButton").html("");\par
  367         $("#undeliveredPackagesButton").html("");\par
  368         $("#listBody").html("");\par
  369         loadFunction();\par
  370     \} else \{\par
  371         $("#loginButton").html("Log out&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;");\par
  372         $("#deliveredPackagesButton").html("<a href='javascript:addDeliveredPackages()'>Track delivered packages</a>");\par
  373         $("#undeliveredPackagesButton").html("<a href='javascript:addUndeliveredPackages()'>Track undelivered packages</a>");\par
  374         $("#listBody").html("");\par
  375         //adminLoad();\par
  376     \}\par
  377 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v changeMapDisplay\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:changeMapDisplay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function changeMapDisplay (  {\i id},   {\i checked})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Changes visibility of package on map. Called onclick of checkbox on table and on load if package is supposed to be. }}\par
{
Definition at line 398 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   398                                        \{\par
  399     // console.log(id);\par
  400     // If package is no longer displayed\par
  401     if(!checked) \{\par
  402         // Remove package from on map list\par
  403         if(packagesOnMap.indexOf(id) > -1) \{\par
  404             packagesOnMap.splice($.inArray(id, packagesOnMap), 1);\par
  405         \}\par
  406         // Remove map line from the map\par
  407         mapLines[id].setMap(null);\par
  408         // Remove markers from map\par
  409         destinationMapMarkers[id].setMap(null);\par
  410         originMapMarkers[id].setMap(null);\par
  411         delete destinationMapMarkers[id];\par
  412         delete originMapMarkers[id];\par
  413         delete mapLines[id];\par
  414 \par
  415     \} else \{\par
  416         // Put package on the map list\par
  417         packagesOnMap.push(id);\par
  418     \}\par
  419     // Doesn't store in cookies if in admin mode so on logout it doesn't keep all the packages\par
  420     if(!adminMode) \{\par
  421         $.cookie("packagesOnMap", JSON.stringify(packagesOnMap));\par
  422     \}\par
  423     // Updates data and map to reflect changes if new package added to the map list\par
  424     updateData();\par
  425 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v clearCookies\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:clearCookies}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function clearCookies ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For testing purposes - clears cookies for packagesOnMap and packagesMonitored. }}\par
{
Definition at line 641 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   641                         \{\par
  642     $.cookie('packagesOnMap', '[]');\par
  643     $.cookie('packagesMonitored', '[]');\par
  644 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v click\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:click}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function table click (function(event) \{ event.stopPropagation(); var target = $(event.target); {\b if} ( target.closest("td").attr("colspan") > 1 ) \{   target.closest("td").parent().hide();  target.closest("tr").prev().find("td:first").html('<br /><span class="glyphicon glyphicon-plus" aria-label="Expand">'); \} else \{   {\b if} (target.closest("tr").find("td:first").html().indexOf("glyphicon-plus") > -1) \{ target.closest("tr").next().show(); target.closest("tr").find("td:first").html('<span class="glyphicon glyphicon-minus" aria-label="Collapse">'); \} else \{ target.closest("tr").next().hide(); target.closest("tr").find("td:first").html('<span class="glyphicon glyphicon-plus" aria-label="Expand">'); \} \} \} )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Manages dropdown rows - hides and shows, changes icon at beginning. }}\par
}
{\xe \v convertUpdateResults\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:convertUpdateResults}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function convertUpdateResults (  {\i results})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Converts data results from server to Google Maps coordinates, elevation, and time. }}\par
{
Definition at line 226 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   226                                        \{\par
  227     //console.log(results);\par
  228     var newResults = [];\par
  229     for(var i = 0; i < results.length; i++) \{\par
  230         newResults.push(\par
  231             \{\par
  232                 "coords": new google.maps.LatLng(results[i]['coords'][0], results[i]['coords'][1]),\par
  233                 "ele": results[i]['ele'],\par
  234                 "time": results[i]['time']\par
  235             \}\par
  236         );\par
  237         // console.log("results[i]['coords']: " + results[i]['coords']);\par
  238     \}\par
  239     return newResults;\par
  240 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v deliveryCheckCallback\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:deliveryCheckCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function deliveryCheckCallback (  {\i index},   {\i concat})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The callback function for the check if a package is delivered. It calls the updateCallback. }}\par
{
Definition at line 267 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   267                                               \{\par
  268     return function(data)\{\par
  269         //console.log(index + " " + data.results);\par
  270         if(data.results) \{\par
  271             delivered.push(packagesMonitored[index]);\par
  272         \}\par
  273         $.getJSON($SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data', \{\par
  274             "dt": "getNewPoints",\par
  275             "uuid": packagesMonitored[index],\par
  276             "time": packagePositions[packagesMonitored[index]].slice(-1)[0]['time']\par
  277         \}, updateCallback(index, concat));\par
  278     \};\par
  279 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v distCallback\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:distCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function distCallback (  {\i index})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The callback function for the receiving of the distance remaining for the package to reach its destination. }}\par
{
Definition at line 283 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   283                              \{\par
  284     return function(data) \{\par
  285         $("#dist" + packagesMonitored[index]).text(Math.round(data.results / 100) / 10 + " km");\par
  286     \}\par
  287 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v escapeRegExp\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:escapeRegExp}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function escapeRegExp (  {\i str})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Helper function for replaceAll, which uses regex. }}\par
{
Definition at line 46 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    46                            \{\par
   47     return str.replace(/([.*+?^=!:$\{\}()|\\[\\]\\/\\\\])/g, "\\\\$1");\par
   48 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v etrCallback\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:etrCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function etrCallback (  {\i index})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The callback function for the receiving of the time remaining for the package to reach its destination. }}\par
{
Definition at line 292 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   292                             \{\par
  293     return function(data) \{\par
  294         $("#etr" + packagesMonitored[index]).text(moment().add(data.results, 'seconds').calendar());\par
  295     \}\par
  296 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v getRandomColor\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:getRandomColor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function getRandomColor ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets a random hex color. }}\par
{
Definition at line 61 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    61                           \{\par
   62     return '#' + ('00000' + (Math.random() * (1 << 24) | 0).toString(16)).slice(-6);\par
   63 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v infoWindowCallback\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:infoWindowCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function infoWindowCallback (  {\i destination},   {\i index})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The callback function for the infoWindow for clicking on the map marker. }}\par
{
Definition at line 430 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   430                                                 \{\par
  431     return function() \{\par
  432         if(!destination) \{\par
  433             infowindow.setContent('<div id="content"><p>' + packagesOnMap[index] + '</p></div>');\par
  434             infowindow.open(map, originMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[index]]);\par
  435         \} else \{\par
  436             infowindow.setContent('<div id="content"><p>' + packagesOnMap[index] + '</p></div>');\par
  437             infowindow.open(map, destinationMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[index]]);\par
  438         \}\par
  439     \};\par
  440 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v initMap\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:initMap}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function initMap ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates the map in the "map" div after google maps api loads and does other onload things. }}\par
{
Definition at line 649 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   649                    \{\par
  650     map = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById('map'), \{\par
  651         zoom: 2,\par
  652         center: \{lat: 0, lng: 0\},\par
  653         minZoom: 2\par
  654     \});\par
  655     infowindow = new google.maps.InfoWindow(\{\par
  656         content: "hello"\par
  657     \});\par
  658     loadFunction();\par
  659     setInterval(updateData, 10000);\par
  660     $.fn.modal.Constructor.DEFAULTS.keyboard = false;\par
  661 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v loadFunction\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:loadFunction}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function loadFunction ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For page load and mode toggle - gets data from cookies and adds to list. }}\par
{
Definition at line 628 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   628                         \{\par
  629     if (typeof $.cookie('packagesOnMap') == 'undefined') \{\par
  630         $.cookie('packagesMonitored', '[]');\par
  631     \}\par
  632     if (typeof $.cookie('packagesOnMap') == 'undefined') \{\par
  633         $.cookie('packagesOnMap', '[]');\par
  634     \}\par
  635     console.log("packagesMonitored: " +$.cookie("packagesMonitored") );\par
  636     writePackages(JSON.parse($.cookie("packagesMonitored")), JSON.parse($.cookie("packagesOnMap")));\par
  637 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v locationCallback\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:locationCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function locationCallback (  {\i id},   {\i latlng})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Callback function for setLocationName. It calls itself in a few seconds if there were too many queries in a short. }}\par
{
Definition at line 510 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   510                                       \{\par
  511     return function (results, status) \{\par
  512         if (status !== google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK) \{\par
  513             // console.log("status: " + status + " id: " + id);\par
  514             if (status == "OVER_QUERY_LIMIT") \{\par
  515                 // console.log(status);\par
  516                 setTimeout(function () \{\par
  517                     setLocationName(id, latlng);\par
  518                 \}, 5000);\par
  519                 return;\par
  520             \}\par
  521             if ($(id).text() == "Loading...") \{\par
  522                 $(id).text("No name for location.");\par
  523             \}\par
  524         \}\par
  525         // This is checking to see if the Geocoder Status is OK before proceeding\par
  526         if (status == google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK) \{\par
  527             // console.log(results);\par
  528             var address = (results[0].formatted_address);\par
  529             //console.log("id: " + id);\par
  530             $(id).text(address);\par
  531             //console.log("address: " + address);\par
  532         \}\par
  533     \};\par
  534 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v on\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:on}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b window} on ('resize' , function() \{ {\b if}($({\b window}).width() > 765) \{ $('#selectButtons').addClass('btn-group-justified'); \} else \{ $('#selectButtons').removeClass('btn-group-justified'); \} \} )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes sure button group for placing things on map is justified or not depending on the window size. }}\par
}
{\xe \v pinSymbol\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:pinSymbol}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function pinSymbol (  {\i color})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a path for the map pin of a given hex color. }}\par
{
Definition at line 381 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   381                           \{\par
  382     return \{\par
  383         //path: 'M 0,0 C -2,-20 -10,-22 -10,-30 A 10,10 0 1,1 10,-30 C 10,-22 2,-20 0,0 z M -2,-30 a 2,2 0 1,1 4,0 2,2 0 1,1 -4,0',\par
  384         path: 'M 0,0 C -2,-20 -10,-22 -10,-30 A 10,10 0 1,1 10,-30 C 10,-22 2,-20 0,0',\par
  385         fillColor: color,\par
  386         fillOpacity: 1,\par
  387         strokeColor: '#000',\par
  388         strokeWeight: 2,\par
  389         scale: 1,\par
  390         labelOrigin: new google.maps.Point(0, -30)\par
  391     \};\par
  392 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v populateDropdown\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:populateDropdown}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function populateDropdown (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Uses DEFAULT_DROPDOWN_CONTENTS and creates specific HTML for a dropdown row for a newly tracked package. }}\par
{
Definition at line 89 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    89                                 \{\par
   90     var newDrop = DEFAULT_DROPDOWN_CONTENTS;\par
   91     newDrop = replaceAll(newDrop, '\{UUID\}', uuid);\par
   92     newDrop = replaceAll(newDrop, '\{STARTLOCATION\}', "Loading...");\par
   93     newDrop = replaceAll(newDrop, '\{DESTLOCATION\}', "Loading...");\par
   94     newDrop = replaceAll(newDrop, '\{DISTANCE\}', "Loading...");\par
   95     return newDrop;\par
   96 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v populateRow\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:populateRow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function populateRow (  {\i uuid},   {\i name})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Uses DEFAULT_TR_CONTENTS and creates HTML for a new table row for a newly tracked package. }}\par
{
Definition at line 69 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    69                                  \{\par
   70     if(!adminMode) \{\par
   71         var newRow = DEFAULT_TR_CONTENTS;\par
   72     \} else \{\par
   73         //var newRow = ADMIN_TR_CONTENTS;\par
   74         var newRow = DEFAULT_TR_CONTENTS;\par
   75     \}\par
   76     newRow = replaceAll(newRow, '\{UUID\}', uuid);\par
   77     newRow = replaceAll(newRow, '\{NAME\}', name);\par
   78     // Location is updated later, as reverse geocoding is not always instant\par
   79     newRow = replaceAll(newRow, '\{CURRENTLOCATION\}', "Loading...");\par
   80     newRow = replaceAll(newRow, '\{COLOR\}', colors[uuid]);\par
   81     newRow = replaceAll(newRow, '\{ETA\}', "Loading...");\par
   82     return newRow;\par
   83 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v ready\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:ready}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b document} ready (function() \{ {\b if}($({\b window}).width() > 765) \{ $("#selectButtons").addClass("btn-group-justified"); \} \} )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Makes buttons for placing things on map a justified button group if window is large. }}\par
}
{\xe \v removeRow\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:removeRow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function removeRow (  {\i uuid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 151 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   151                          \{\par
  152     packagesMonitored.splice($.inArray(uuid, packagesMonitored), 1);\par
  153     $("#row" + uuid).remove();\par
  154     $("#dropdownTR" + uuid).remove();\par
  155     changeMapDisplay(uuid, false);\par
  156     //if(packagesOnMap.indexOf(uuid) > -1) \{\par
  157     //    // console.log("changing display of " + uuid);\par
  158     //    changeMapDisplay(uuid, false);\par
  159     //\}\par
  160     packagesOnMap.splice($.inArray(uuid, packagesOnMap), 1);\par
  161     if(!adminMode) \{\par
  162         $.cookie("packagesOnMap", JSON.stringify(packagesOnMap));\par
  163         $.cookie("packagesMonitored", JSON.stringify(packagesMonitored));\par
  164     \}\par
  165 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v replaceAll\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:replaceAll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function replaceAll (  {\i str},   {\i find},   {\i replace})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Replaces all occurrences of 'find' within string 'str' with 'replace'. }}\par
{
Definition at line 55 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    55                                         \{\par
   56     return str.replace(new RegExp(escapeRegExp(find), 'g'), replace);\par
   57 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v selectAll\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:selectAll}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function selectAll ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Selects all for display on map. }}\par
{
Definition at line 581 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   581                      \{\par
  582     for(var i = 0; i < packagesMonitored.length; i++) \{\par
  583         if(packagesOnMap.indexOf(packagesMonitored[i]) < 0) \{\par
  584             //packagesOnMap.push(packagesMonitored[i]);\par
  585             $("#checkbox" + packagesMonitored[i]).prop("checked", true);\par
  586             changeMapDisplay(packagesMonitored[i], true);\par
  587         \}\par
  588     \}\par
  589 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v selectDelivered\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:selectDelivered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function selectDelivered ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Selects all delivered packages for display on map. }}\par
{
Definition at line 605 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   605                            \{\par
  606     for(var i = 0; i < delivered.length; i++) \{\par
  607         if(packagesOnMap.indexOf(delivered[i]) < 0) \{\par
  608             $("#checkbox" + delivered[i]).prop("checked", true);\par
  609             changeMapDisplay(delivered[i], true);\par
  610         \}\par
  611     \}\par
  612 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v selectNone\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:selectNone}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function selectNone ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Unselects all packages for display on map. }}\par
{
Definition at line 593 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   593                       \{\par
  594     for(var i = 0; i < packagesMonitored.length; i++) \{\par
  595         if(packagesOnMap.indexOf(packagesMonitored[i]) > -1) \{\par
  596             $("#checkbox" + packagesMonitored[i]).prop("checked", false);\par
  597             changeMapDisplay(packagesMonitored[i], false);\par
  598         \}\par
  599     \}\par
  600     //packagesOnMap = [];\par
  601 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v selectUndelivered\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:selectUndelivered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function selectUndelivered ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Selects all undelivered packages for display on map. }}\par
{
Definition at line 616 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   616                              \{\par
  617     for(var i = 0; i < packagesMonitored.length; i++) \{\par
  618         if(packagesOnMap.indexOf(packagesMonitored[i]) < 0 && delivered.indexOf(packagesMonitored[i]) < 0) \{\par
  619             //packagesOnMap.push(packagesMonitored[i]);\par
  620             $("#checkbox" + packagesMonitored[i]).prop("checked", true);\par
  621             changeMapDisplay(packagesMonitored[i], true);\par
  622         \}\par
  623     \}\par
  624 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v setLocationName\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:setLocationName}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function setLocationName (  {\i id},   {\i latlng})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Uses reverse geocoding to get human-readable name for coordinates. It calls the locationCallback to wait for the. }}\par
{
Definition at line 540 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   540                                      \{\par
  541     // console.log("lat: " + latlng.lat() + " lng: " + latlng.lng());\par
  542     // This is making the Geocode request\par
  543     var geocoder = new google.maps.Geocoder();\par
  544     geocoder.geocode(\{'latLng': latlng\}, locationCallback(id, latlng));\par
  545 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v updateCallback\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:updateCallback}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function updateCallback (  {\i index},   {\i concat})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Used to reset scope because this is called from an asynchronous function. Without this, it would always use the. }}\par
{
Definition at line 246 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   246                                        \{\par
  247     return function(data) \{\par
  248         if(concat) \{\par
  249             packagePositions[packagesMonitored[index]] = packagePositions[packagesMonitored[index]].concat(convertUpdateResults(data.results));\par
  250         \} else \{\par
  251             packagePositions[packagesMonitored[index]] = convertUpdateResults(data.results);\par
  252         \}\par
  253         // console.log("i: " + index);\par
  254         // console.log("packagesMonitored[i]: " + packagesMonitored[index]);\par
  255         // console.log("packagePositions[^]: " + packagePositions[packagesMonitored[index]]);\par
  256         if(data.results.length > 0) \{\par
  257             setLocationName("#current" + packagesMonitored[index], packagePositions[packagesMonitored[index]].slice(-1)[0]['coords']);\par
  258         \}\par
  259     \};\par
  260 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v updateData\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:updateData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function updateData ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Gets new points from server. It performs checks for delivery status, etr, and distance remaining. Then it updates. }}\par
{
Definition at line 301 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   301                       \{\par
  302     for(var i = 0; i < packagesMonitored.length; i++) \{\par
  303         if(!(delivered.indexOf(packagesMonitored[i]) > -1)) \{\par
  304             if (packagesMonitored[i] in packagePositions) \{\par
  305                 $.ajax(\{\par
  306                     type: 'GET',\par
  307                     url: $SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data',\par
  308                     dataType: 'json',\par
  309                     success: deliveryCheckCallback(i, true),\par
  310                     data: \{"dt":"isDelivered", "uuid":packagesMonitored[i]\},\par
  311                     async: true\par
  312                 \});\par
  313             \} else \{\par
  314                 $.getJSON($SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data', \{\par
  315                     "dt": "getNewPoints",\par
  316                     "uuid": packagesMonitored[i],\par
  317                     "time": 0\par
  318                 \}, updateCallback(i, false));\par
  319             \}\par
  320             // console.log("getting etr for " + packagesMonitored[i]);\par
  321             $.getJSON($SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data', \{\par
  322                 "dt": "getETR",\par
  323                 "uuid": packagesMonitored[i]\par
  324             \}, etrCallback(i));\par
  325             $.getJSON($SCRIPT_ROOT + '/data', \{\par
  326                 "dt": "getDistance",\par
  327                 "uuid": packagesMonitored[i]\par
  328             \}, distCallback(i));\par
  329         \} else \{\par
  330         //if(delivered.indexOf(packagesMonitored[i]) > -1) \{\par
  331             // console.log(packagesMonitored[i] + " is delivered");\par
  332             $("#etr" + packagesMonitored[i]).text("Delivered");\par
  333             $("#dist" + packagesMonitored[i]).text("0 km");\par
  334         \}\par
  335     \}\par
  336     updateMap();\par
  337 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v updateMap\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:updateMap}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function updateMap ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Updates the map view with new coordinates for the line and markers. }}\par
{
Definition at line 444 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   444                      \{\par
  445     for (var i = 0; i < packagesOnMap.length; i++) \{\par
  446 \par
  447         // If the Polyline does not already exist, make a new one\par
  448         if (!(packagesOnMap[i] in mapLines)) \{\par
  449             mapLines[packagesOnMap[i]] = new google.maps.Polyline(\{\par
  450                 path: [],\par
  451                 geodesic: true,\par
  452                 strokeColor: colors[packagesOnMap[i]],\par
  453                 strokeOpacity: 1.0,\par
  454                 strokeWeight: 3\par
  455             \});\par
  456         \}\par
  457         mapLines[packagesOnMap[i]].setMap(map);\par
  458 \par
  459         // If the destination map marker does not already exist, make a new one\par
  460         if (!(packagesOnMap[i] in destinationMapMarkers)) \{\par
  461             destinationMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[i]] = new google.maps.Marker(\{\par
  462                 position: destinations[packagesOnMap[i]],\par
  463                 animation: null,\par
  464                 title: packagesOnMap[i] + "'s Destination Marker",\par
  465                 icon: pinSymbol(colors[packagesOnMap[i]]),\par
  466                 label: \{\par
  467                     text: 'B'\par
  468                 \}\par
  469             \});\par
  470 \par
  471             // Display an infoWindow with the UUID of the package onclick for the marker\par
  472             destinationMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[i]].addListener('click', infoWindowCallback(true, i));\par
  473         \}\par
  474         destinationMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[i]].setMap(map);\par
  475 \par
  476         // If there is a starting coordinate and the origin map marker does not exist, make a new one\par
  477         if (packagePositions[packagesOnMap[i]] != undefined) \{\par
  478             if(!(packagesOnMap[i] in originMapMarkers)) \{\par
  479                 originMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[i]] = new google.maps.Marker(\{\par
  480                     position: packagePositions[packagesOnMap[i]][0]['coords'],\par
  481                     animation: null,\par
  482                     title: packagesOnMap[i] + "'s Origin Marker",\par
  483                     icon: pinSymbol(colors[packagesOnMap[i]]),\par
  484                     label: \{\par
  485                         text: 'A'\par
  486                     \}\par
  487                 \});\par
  488 \par
  489                 // Display an infoWindow with the UUID of the package onclick for the marker\par
  490                 originMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[i]].addListener('click', infoWindowCallback(false, i));\par
  491                 \par
  492             \}\par
  493             originMapMarkers[packagesOnMap[i]].setMap(map);\par
  494 \par
  495             // Update the Polyline with new points that are not on it already (by number of points)\par
  496             var currentPath = mapLines[packagesOnMap[i]].getPath();\par
  497             for (var j = currentPath.length; j < packagePositions[packagesOnMap[i]].length; j++) \{\par
  498                 currentPath.push(packagePositions[packagesOnMap[i]][j]['coords']);\par
  499             \}\par
  500             mapLines[packagesOnMap[i]].setPath(currentPath);\par
  501         \}\par
  502     \}\par
  503 \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v writePackages\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:writePackages}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function writePackages (  {\i packageList},   {\i mapList})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the monitored packages list to the list it receives (for loading from cookies or another source like the. }}\par
{
Definition at line 343 of file main.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   343                                              \{\par
  344     packagesMonitored = packageList;\par
  345     packagesOnMap = mapList;\par
  346     // console.log("mapList: " + packagesOnMap);\par
  347     for (var i = 0; i < packageList.length; i++) \{\par
  348         // console.log("adding package " + packageList[i]);\par
  349         addPackage(packageList[i]);\par
  350     \}\par
  351 \}\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v adminMode\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:adminMode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var adminMode = false}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 19 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v colors\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:colors}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var colors = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 17 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v contentString1\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:contentString1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var contentString1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAET}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = '<div id="content">' +\par
                        '<div id="siteNotice">' +\par
                        '</div>' +\par
                     '<h1 id="firstHeading" class="firstHeading">'\par
}
{
Definition at line 26 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v contentString2\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:contentString2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var contentString2}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = '</h1>' +\par
                     '<div id="bodyContent">' +\par
                        '<p>' + 'Location:'\par
}
{
Definition at line 30 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v contentString3\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:contentString3}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var contentString3 = '<br>Here since: '}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v contentString4\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:contentString4}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var contentString4 = '<br>Elevation: '}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 34 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v contentString5\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:contentString5}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var contentString5 = '<br>ETR: '}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 35 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v contentString6\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:contentString6}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var contentString6}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid =    '</p>'+\par
                     '</div>'+\par
                     '</div>'\par
}
{
Definition at line 36 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_DROPDOWN_CONTENTS\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:DEFAULT_DROPDOWN_CONTENTS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var DEFAULT_DROPDOWN_CONTENTS = '<tr class="dropdown-row" id="dropdownTR\{UUID\}"><td colspan="7" {\b id}="dropdown\{UUID\}"><p><{\b b}>Starting location: </{\b b}><span {\b id}="start\{UUID\}">\{STARTLOCATION\}</span></{\b p}><{\b p}><{\b b}>Distance Remaining: </{\b b}><span {\b id}="dist\{UUID\}">\{DISTANCE\}</span></{\b p}><{\b p}><{\b b}>Destination: </{\b b}><span {\b id}="dest\{UUID\}">\{DESTLOCATION\}</span></{\b p}></{\b td}></tr>'}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The contents of the dropdown row for each package for additional data. }}\par
{
Definition at line 5 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v DEFAULT_TR_CONTENTS\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:DEFAULT_TR_CONTENTS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var DEFAULT_TR_CONTENTS = '<tr class="listRow" id="row\{UUID\}"><td><span class="glyphicon glyphicon-plus" aria-label="Expand"></span></{\b td}><{\b td}><div class="checkbox"><label><input type="checkbox" name="\{UUID\}" onchange="changeMapDisplay(this.name, this.checked)" id="checkbox\{UUID\}"></label></div><br /><div class="color-container"><input type="hidden" id="color\{UUID\}" value="\{COLOR\}"></div></{\b td}><{\b td} class="uuid" id="uuid\{UUID\}">\{UUID\}</{\b td}><{\b td} class="name" id="name\{UUID\}">\{NAME\}</{\b td}><{\b td} class="location" id="location\{UUID\}"><p><{\b b}>Current location: </{\b b}><span {\b id}="current\{UUID\}">\{CURRENTLOCATION\}</span></{\b p}></{\b td}><{\b td} {\b id}="etr\{UUID\}">\{ETA\}</{\b td}><{\b td}><{\b a} href="javascript:removeRow(\\'\{UUID\}\\')" class="btn btn-raised btn-danger">Stop Tracking</{\b a}></{\b td}></tr>'}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The contents of the table row which gets added for each new package that is tracked. }}\par
{
Definition at line 2 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v delivered\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:delivered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var delivered = []}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 11 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v destinationMapMarkers\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:destinationMapMarkers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var destinationMapMarkers = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 23 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v destinations\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:destinations}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var destinations = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 15 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v infowindow\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:infowindow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var infowindow}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 41 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v mapLines\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:mapLines}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var mapLines = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 21 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v originMapMarkers\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:originMapMarkers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var originMapMarkers = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 22 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v packagePositions\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:packagePositions}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var packagePositions = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 13 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v packagesMonitored\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:packagesMonitored}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var packagesMonitored = []}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 8 of file main.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v packagesOnMap\:main.js}
{\xe \v main.js\:packagesOnMap}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var packagesOnMap = []}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 9 of file main.js.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/material.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/material.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/material.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v _addFormGroupFocus\:material.js}
{\xe \v material.js\:_addFormGroupFocus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function _addFormGroupFocus (  {\i element})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 33 of file material.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    33                                        \{\par
   34     var $element = $(element);\par
   35     if (!$element.prop('disabled')) \{  // this is showing as undefined on chrome but works fine on firefox??\par
   36       $element.closest(".form-group").addClass("is-focused");\par
   37     \}\par
   38   \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v _isChar\:material.js}
{\xe \v material.js\:_isChar}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function _isChar (  {\i evt})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 13 of file material.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    13                         \{\par
   14     if (typeof evt.which == "undefined") \{\par
   15       return true;\par
   16     \} else if (typeof evt.which == "number" && evt.which > 0) \{\par
   17       return (\par
   18         !evt.ctrlKey\par
   19         && !evt.metaKey\par
   20         && !evt.altKey\par
   21         && evt.which != 8  // backspace\par
   22         && evt.which != 9  // tab\par
   23         && evt.which != 13 // enter\par
   24         && evt.which != 16 // shift\par
   25         && evt.which != 17 // ctrl\par
   26         && evt.which != 20 // caps lock\par
   27         && evt.which != 27 // escape\par
   28       );\par
   29     \}\par
   30     return false;\par
   31   \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v _removeFormGroupFocus\:material.js}
{\xe \v material.js\:_removeFormGroupFocus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function _removeFormGroupFocus (  {\i element})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 51 of file material.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    51                                           \{\par
   52     $(element).closest(".form-group").removeClass("is-focused"); // remove class from form-group\par
   53   \}\par
}
}
{\xe \v _toggleTypeFocus\:material.js}
{\xe \v material.js\:_toggleTypeFocus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function _toggleTypeFocus (  {\i $input})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 40 of file material.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    40                                     \{\par
   41     $input.closest('label').hover(function () \{\par
   42       var $i = $(this).find('input');\par
   43       if (!$i.prop('disabled')) \{ // hack because the _addFormGroupFocus() wasn't identifying the property on chrome\par
   44         _addFormGroupFocus($i);     // need to find the input so we can check disablement\par
   45       \}\par
   46     \}, function () \{\par
   47       _removeFormGroupFocus($(this).find('input'));\par
   48     \});\par
   49   \}\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v jQuery\:material.js}
{\xe \v material.js\:jQuery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
jQuery}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 339 of file material.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v material\:material.js}
{\xe \v material.js\:material}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
material}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 55 of file material.js.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/moment.min.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/moment.min.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/moment.min.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v !function\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:!function}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
!function (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
moment.js version : 2.11.0 authors : Tim Wood, Iskren Chernev, Moment.js contributors license : MIT momentjs.com \par
}{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v a\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function a ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v A\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:A}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
A (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v b\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:b}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function b (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v B\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:B}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function B (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v c\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:c}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function c (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v C\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:C}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function C (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v d\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:d}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function d (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v D\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:D}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function D (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v E\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:E}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function E (  {\i b},   {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v e\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:e}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function e (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v F\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:F}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function F (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v f\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:f}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function f (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v g\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:g}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function g (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v G\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:G}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function G (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v H\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:H}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function H (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v h\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:h}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function h (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c},   {\i d})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v I\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:I}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function I (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v i\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:i}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function i ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v J\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:J}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
J (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c},   {\i d})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v j\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:j}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function j (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v J\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:J}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
J (  {\i "M"},   {\i "Mo"},   {\i function()\{return this.month()+1\}})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v K\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:K}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function K (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v k\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:k}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function k (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v L\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:L}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function L (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v l\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:l}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function l (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v M\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function M (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v m\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:m}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function m (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v N\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:N}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function N (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v n\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:n}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function n (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v o\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:o}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function o (  {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v O\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:O}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
O (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v O\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:O}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
O (  {\i "M"},   {\i dd})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v p\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:p}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function p (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v P\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:P}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function P (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v q\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:q}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function q (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v Q\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Q}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Q (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v R\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:R}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
R (function({\b a},{\b b})\{{\b b}[{\b sd}]={\b r}({\b a})-1\} )}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v r\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:r}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function r (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v R\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:R}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function R (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v S\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:S}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function S (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v s\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:s}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function s (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v t\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:t}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function t ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v T\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:T}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function T (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v u\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:u}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function u (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v U\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:U}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function U (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v v\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:v}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function v (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v V\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:V}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function V (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v w\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:w}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function w (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v W\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:W}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function W (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v X\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:X}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function X (  {\i a},   {\i b},   {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v x\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:x}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function x (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v Y\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Y}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Y (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v y\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:y}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function y (  {\i a},   {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v z\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:z}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function z (  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\xe \v Z\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Z}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Z (  {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid     6 \{"object"==typeof exports&&"undefined"!=typeof module?module.exports=b():"function"==typeof define&&define.amd?define(b):a.moment=b()\}(this,function()\{"use strict";function a()\{return Qc.apply(null,arguments)\}function b(a)\{Qc=a\}function c(a)\{return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function d(a)\{return a instanceof Date||"[object Date]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function e(a,b)\{var c,d=[];for(c=0;c<a.length;++c)d.push(b(a[c],c));return d\}function f(a,b)\{return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)\}function g(a,b)\{for(var c in b)f(b,c)&&(a[c]=b[c]);return f(b,"toString")&&(a.toString=b.toString),f(b,"valueOf")&&(a.valueOf=b.valueOf),a\}function h(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!0).utc()\}function i()\{return\{empty:!1,unusedTokens:[],unusedInput:[],overflow:-2,charsLeftOver:0,nullInput:!1,invalidMonth:null,invalidFormat:!1,userInvalidated:!1,iso:!1\}\}function j(a)\{return null==a._pf&&(a._pf=i()),a._pf\}function k(a)\{if(null==a._isValid)\{var b=j(a);a._isValid=!(isNaN(a._d.getTime())||!(b.overflow<0)||b.empty||b.invalidMonth||b.invalidWeekday||b.nullInput||b.invalidFormat||b.userInvalidated),a._strict&&(a._isValid=a._isValid&&0===b.charsLeftOver&&0===b.unusedTokens.length&&void 0===b.bigHour)\}return a._isValid\}function l(a)\{var b=h(NaN);return null!=a?g(j(b),a):j(b).userInvalidated=!0,b\}function m(a)\{return void 0===a\}function n(a,b)\{var c,d,e;if(m(b._isAMomentObject)||(a._isAMomentObject=b._isAMomentObject),m(b._i)||(a._i=b._i),m(b._f)||(a._f=b._f),m(b._l)||(a._l=b._l),m(b._strict)||(a._strict=b._strict),m(b._tzm)||(a._tzm=b._tzm),m(b._isUTC)||(a._isUTC=b._isUTC),m(b._offset)||(a._offset=b._offset),m(b._pf)||(a._pf=j(b)),m(b._locale)||(a._locale=b._locale),Sc.length>0)for(c in Sc)d=Sc[c],e=b[d],m(e)||(a[d]=e);return a\}function o(b)\{n(this,b),this._d=new Date(null!=b._d?b._d.getTime():NaN),Tc===!1&&(Tc=!0,a.updateOffset(this),Tc=!1)\}function p(a)\{return a instanceof o||null!=a&&null!=a._isAMomentObject\}function q(a)\{return 0>a?Math.ceil(a):Math.floor(a)\}function r(a)\{var b=+a,c=0;return 0!==b&&isFinite(b)&&(c=q(b)),c\}function s(a,b,c)\{var d,e=Math.min(a.length,b.length),f=Math.abs(a.length-b.length),g=0;for(d=0;e>d;d++)(c&&a[d]!==b[d]||!c&&r(a[d])!==r(b[d]))&&g++;return g+f\}function t()\{\}function u(a)\{return a?a.toLowerCase().replace("_","-"):a\}function v(a)\{for(var b,c,d,e,f=0;f<a.length;)\{for(e=u(a[f]).split("-"),b=e.length,c=u(a[f+1]),c=c?c.split("-"):null;b>0;)\{if(d=w(e.slice(0,b).join("-")))return d;if(c&&c.length>=b&&s(e,c,!0)>=b-1)break;b--\}f++\}return null\}function w(a)\{var b=null;if(!Uc[a]&&!m(module)&&module&&module.exports)try\{b=Rc._abbr,require("./locale/"+a),x(b)\}catch(c)\{\}return Uc[a]\}function x(a,b)\{var c;return a&&(c=m(b)?z(a):y(a,b),c&&(Rc=c)),Rc._abbr\}function y(a,b)\{return null!==b?(b.abbr=a,Uc[a]=Uc[a]||new t,Uc[a].set(b),x(a),Uc[a]):(delete Uc[a],null)\}function z(a)\{var b;if(a&&a._locale&&a._locale._abbr&&(a=a._locale._abbr),!a)return Rc;if(!c(a))\{if(b=w(a))return b;a=[a]\}return v(a)\}function A(a,b)\{var c=a.toLowerCase();Vc[c]=Vc[c+"s"]=Vc[b]=a\}function B(a)\{return"string"==typeof a?Vc[a]||Vc[a.toLowerCase()]:void 0\}function C(a)\{var b,c,d=\{\};for(c in a)f(a,c)&&(b=B(c),b&&(d[b]=a[c]));return d\}function D(a)\{return a instanceof Function||"[object Function]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)\}function E(b,c)\{return function(d)\{return null!=d?(G(this,b,d),a.updateOffset(this,c),this):F(this,b)\}\}function F(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?a._d["get"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b]():NaN\}function G(a,b,c)\{a.isValid()&&a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+b](c)\}function H(a,b)\{var c;if("object"==typeof a)for(c in a)this.set(c,a[c]);else if(a=B(a),D(this[a]))return this[a](b);return this\}function I(a,b,c)\{var d=""+Math.abs(a),e=b-d.length,f=a>=0;return(f?c?"+":"":"-")+Math.pow(10,Math.max(0,e)).toString().substr(1)+d\}function J(a,b,c,d)\{var e=d;"string"==typeof d&&(e=function()\{return this[d]()\}),a&&(Zc[a]=e),b&&(Zc[b[0]]=function()\{return I(e.apply(this,arguments),b[1],b[2])\}),c&&(Zc[c]=function()\{return this.localeData().ordinal(e.apply(this,arguments),a)\})\}function K(a)\{return a.match(/\\[[\\s\\S]/)?a.replace(/^\\[|\\]$/g,""):a.replace(/\\\\/g,"")\}function L(a)\{var b,c,d=a.match(Wc);for(b=0,c=d.length;c>b;b++)Zc[d[b]]?d[b]=Zc[d[b]]:d[b]=K(d[b]);return function(e)\{var f="";for(b=0;c>b;b++)f+=d[b]instanceof Function?d[b].call(e,a):d[b];return f\}\}function M(a,b)\{return a.isValid()?(b=N(b,a.localeData()),Yc[b]=Yc[b]||L(b),Yc[b](a)):a.localeData().invalidDate()\}function N(a,b)\{function c(a)\{return b.longDateFormat(a)||a\}var d=5;for(Xc.lastIndex=0;d>=0&&Xc.test(a);)a=a.replace(Xc,c),Xc.lastIndex=0,d-=1;return a\}function O(a,b,c)\{pd[a]=D(b)?b:function(a)\{return a&&c?c:b\}\}function P(a,b)\{return f(pd,a)?pd[a](b._strict,b._locale):new RegExp(Q(a))\}function Q(a)\{return a.replace("\\\\","").replace(/\\\\(\\[)|\\\\(\\])|\\[([^\\]\\[]*)\\]|\\\\(.)/g,function(a,b,c,d,e)\{return b||c||d||e\}).replace(/[-\\/\\\\^$*+?.()|[\\]\{\}]/g,"\\\\$&")\}function R(a,b)\{var c,d=b;for("string"==typeof a&&(a=[a]),"number"==typeof b&&(d=function(a,c)\{c[b]=r(a)\}),c=0;c<a.length;c++)qd[a[c]]=d\}function S(a,b)\{R(a,function(a,c,d,e)\{d._w=d._w||\{\},b(a,d._w,d,e)\})\}function T(a,b,c)\{null!=b&&f(qd,a)&&qd[a](b,c._a,c,a)\}function U(a,b)\{return new Date(Date.UTC(a,b+1,0)).getUTCDate()\}function V(a,b)\{return c(this._months)?this._months[a.month()]:this._months[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function W(a,b)\{return c(this._monthsShort)?this._monthsShort[a.month()]:this._monthsShort[Ad.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.month()]\}function X(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._monthsParse||(this._monthsParse=[],this._longMonthsParse=[],this._shortMonthsParse=[]),d=0;12>d;d++)\{if(e=h([2e3,d]),c&&!this._longMonthsParse[d]&&(this._longMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.months(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i"),this._shortMonthsParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.monthsShort(e,"").replace(".","")+"$","i")),c||this._monthsParse[d]||(f="^"+this.months(e,"")+"|^"+this.monthsShort(e,""),this._monthsParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"MMMM"===b&&this._longMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"MMM"===b&&this._shortMonthsParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._monthsParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Y(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()?"string"==typeof b&&(b=a.localeData().monthsParse(b),"number"!=typeof b)?a:(c=Math.min(a.date(),U(a.year(),b)),a._d["set"+(a._isUTC?"UTC":"")+"Month"](b,c),a):a\}function Z(b)\{return null!=b?(Y(this,b),a.updateOffset(this,!0),this):F(this,"Month")\}function $()\{return U(this.year(),this.month())\}function _(a)\{var b,c=a._a;return c&&-2===j(a).overflow&&(b=c[sd]<0||c[sd]>11?sd:c[td]<1||c[td]>U(c[rd],c[sd])?td:c[ud]<0||c[ud]>24||24===c[ud]&&(0!==c[vd]||0!==c[wd]||0!==c[xd])?ud:c[vd]<0||c[vd]>59?vd:c[wd]<0||c[wd]>59?wd:c[xd]<0||c[xd]>999?xd:-1,j(a)._overflowDayOfYear&&(rd>b||b>td)&&(b=td),j(a)._overflowWeeks&&-1===b&&(b=yd),j(a)._overflowWeekday&&-1===b&&(b=zd),j(a).overflow=b),a\}function aa(b)\{a.suppressDeprecationWarnings===!1&&!m(console)&&console.warn&&console.warn("Deprecation warning: "+b)\}function ba(a,b)\{var c=!0;return g(function()\{return c&&(aa(a+"\\nArguments: "+Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments).join(", ")+"\\n"+(new Error).stack),c=!1),b.apply(this,arguments)\},b)\}function ca(a,b)\{Dd[a]||(aa(b),Dd[a]=!0)\}function da(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h=a._i,i=Ed.exec(h)||Fd.exec(h);if(i)\{for(j(a).iso=!0,b=0,c=Hd.length;c>b;b++)if(Hd[b][1].exec(i[1]))\{e=Hd[b][0],d=Hd[b][2]!==!1;break\}if(null==e)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[3])\{for(b=0,c=Id.length;c>b;b++)if(Id[b][1].exec(i[3]))\{f=(i[2]||" ")+Id[b][0];break\}if(null==f)return void(a._isValid=!1)\}if(!d&&null!=f)return void(a._isValid=!1);if(i[4])\{if(!Gd.exec(i[4]))return void(a._isValid=!1);g="Z"\}a._f=e+(f||"")+(g||""),sa(a)\}else a._isValid=!1\}function ea(b)\{var c=Jd.exec(b._i);return null!==c?void(b._d=new Date(+c[1])):(da(b),void(b._isValid===!1&&(delete b._isValid,a.createFromInputFallback(b))))\}function fa(a,b,c,d,e,f,g)\{var h=new Date(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(h.getFullYear())&&h.setFullYear(a),h\}function ga(a)\{var b=new Date(Date.UTC.apply(null,arguments));return 100>a&&a>=0&&isFinite(b.getUTCFullYear())&&b.setUTCFullYear(a),b\}function ha(a)\{return ia(a)?366:365\}function ia(a)\{return a%4===0&&a%100!==0||a%400===0\}function ja()\{return ia(this.year())\}function ka(a,b,c)\{var d=7+b-c,e=(7+ga(a,0,d).getUTCDay()-b)%7;return-e+d-1\}function la(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f,g,h=(7+c-d)%7,i=ka(a,d,e),j=1+7*(b-1)+h+i;return 0>=j?(f=a-1,g=ha(f)+j):j>ha(a)?(f=a+1,g=j-ha(a)):(f=a,g=j),\{year:f,dayOfYear:g\}\}function ma(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f=ka(a.year(),b,c),g=Math.floor((a.dayOfYear()-f-1)/7)+1;return 1>g?(e=a.year()-1,d=g+na(e,b,c)):g>na(a.year(),b,c)?(d=g-na(a.year(),b,c),e=a.year()+1):(e=a.year(),d=g),\{week:d,year:e\}\}function na(a,b,c)\{var d=ka(a,b,c),e=ka(a+1,b,c);return(ha(a)-d+e)/7\}function oa(a,b,c)\{return null!=a?a:null!=b?b:c\}function pa(b)\{var c=new Date(a.now());return b._useUTC?[c.getUTCFullYear(),c.getUTCMonth(),c.getUTCDate()]:[c.getFullYear(),c.getMonth(),c.getDate()]\}function qa(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f=[];if(!a._d)\{for(d=pa(a),a._w&&null==a._a[td]&&null==a._a[sd]&&ra(a),a._dayOfYear&&(e=oa(a._a[rd],d[rd]),a._dayOfYear>ha(e)&&(j(a)._overflowDayOfYear=!0),c=ga(e,0,a._dayOfYear),a._a[sd]=c.getUTCMonth(),a._a[td]=c.getUTCDate()),b=0;3>b&&null==a._a[b];++b)a._a[b]=f[b]=d[b];for(;7>b;b++)a._a[b]=f[b]=null==a._a[b]?2===b?1:0:a._a[b];24===a._a[ud]&&0===a._a[vd]&&0===a._a[wd]&&0===a._a[xd]&&(a._nextDay=!0,a._a[ud]=0),a._d=(a._useUTC?ga:fa).apply(null,f),null!=a._tzm&&a._d.setUTCMinutes(a._d.getUTCMinutes()-a._tzm),a._nextDay&&(a._a[ud]=24)\}\}function ra(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i;b=a._w,null!=b.GG||null!=b.W||null!=b.E?(f=1,g=4,c=oa(b.GG,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),1,4).year),d=oa(b.W,1),e=oa(b.E,1),(1>e||e>7)&&(i=!0)):(f=a._locale._week.dow,g=a._locale._week.doy,c=oa(b.gg,a._a[rd],ma(Aa(),f,g).year),d=oa(b.w,1),null!=b.d?(e=b.d,(0>e||e>6)&&(i=!0)):null!=b.e?(e=b.e+f,(b.e<0||b.e>6)&&(i=!0)):e=f),1>d||d>na(c,f,g)?j(a)._overflowWeeks=!0:null!=i?j(a)._overflowWeekday=!0:(h=la(c,d,e,f,g),a._a[rd]=h.year,a._dayOfYear=h.dayOfYear)\}function sa(b)\{if(b._f===a.ISO_8601)return void da(b);b._a=[],j(b).empty=!0;var c,d,e,f,g,h=""+b._i,i=h.length,k=0;for(e=N(b._f,b._locale).match(Wc)||[],c=0;c<e.length;c++)f=e[c],d=(h.match(P(f,b))||[])[0],d&&(g=h.substr(0,h.indexOf(d)),g.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(g),h=h.slice(h.indexOf(d)+d.length),k+=d.length),Zc[f]?(d?j(b).empty=!1:j(b).unusedTokens.push(f),T(f,d,b)):b._strict&&!d&&j(b).unusedTokens.push(f);j(b).charsLeftOver=i-k,h.length>0&&j(b).unusedInput.push(h),j(b).bigHour===!0&&b._a[ud]<=12&&b._a[ud]>0&&(j(b).bigHour=void 0),b._a[ud]=ta(b._locale,b._a[ud],b._meridiem),qa(b),_(b)\}function ta(a,b,c)\{var d;return null==c?b:null!=a.meridiemHour?a.meridiemHour(b,c):null!=a.isPM?(d=a.isPM(c),d&&12>b&&(b+=12),d||12!==b||(b=0),b):b\}function ua(a)\{var b,c,d,e,f;if(0===a._f.length)return j(a).invalidFormat=!0,void(a._d=new Date(NaN));for(e=0;e<a._f.length;e++)f=0,b=n(\{\},a),null!=a._useUTC&&(b._useUTC=a._useUTC),b._f=a._f[e],sa(b),k(b)&&(f+=j(b).charsLeftOver,f+=10*j(b).unusedTokens.length,j(b).score=f,(null==d||d>f)&&(d=f,c=b));g(a,c||b)\}function va(a)\{if(!a._d)\{var b=C(a._i);a._a=e([b.year,b.month,b.day||b.date,b.hour,b.minute,b.second,b.millisecond],function(a)\{return a&&parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(a)\}\}function wa(a)\{var b=new o(_(xa(a)));return b._nextDay&&(b.add(1,"d"),b._nextDay=void 0),b\}function xa(a)\{var b=a._i,e=a._f;return a._locale=a._locale||z(a._l),null===b||void 0===e&&""===b?l(\{nullInput:!0\}):("string"==typeof b&&(a._i=b=a._locale.preparse(b)),p(b)?new o(_(b)):(c(e)?ua(a):e?sa(a):d(b)?a._d=b:ya(a),k(a)||(a._d=null),a))\}function ya(b)\{var f=b._i;void 0===f?b._d=new Date(a.now()):d(f)?b._d=new Date(+f):"string"==typeof f?ea(b):c(f)?(b._a=e(f.slice(0),function(a)\{return parseInt(a,10)\}),qa(b)):"object"==typeof f?va(b):"number"==typeof f?b._d=new Date(f):a.createFromInputFallback(b)\}function za(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=\{\};return"boolean"==typeof c&&(d=c,c=void 0),f._isAMomentObject=!0,f._useUTC=f._isUTC=e,f._l=c,f._i=a,f._f=b,f._strict=d,wa(f)\}function Aa(a,b,c,d)\{return za(a,b,c,d,!1)\}function Ba(a,b)\{var d,e;if(1===b.length&&c(b[0])&&(b=b[0]),!b.length)return Aa();for(d=b[0],e=1;e<b.length;++e)(!b[e].isValid()||b[e][a](d))&&(d=b[e]);return d\}function Ca()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isBefore",a)\}function Da()\{var a=[].slice.call(arguments,0);return Ba("isAfter",a)\}function Ea(a)\{var b=C(a),c=b.year||0,d=b.quarter||0,e=b.month||0,f=b.week||0,g=b.day||0,h=b.hour||0,i=b.minute||0,j=b.second||0,k=b.millisecond||0;this._milliseconds=+k+1e3*j+6e4*i+36e5*h,this._days=+g+7*f,this._months=+e+3*d+12*c,this._data=\{\},this._locale=z(),this._bubble()\}function Fa(a)\{return a instanceof Ea\}function Ga(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{var a=this.utcOffset(),c="+";return 0>a&&(a=-a,c="-"),c+I(~~(a/60),2)+b+I(~~a%60,2)\})\}function Ha(a,b)\{var c=(b||"").match(a)||[],d=c[c.length-1]||[],e=(d+"").match(Od)||["-",0,0],f=+(60*e[1])+r(e[2]);return"+"===e[0]?f:-f\}function Ia(b,c)\{var e,f;return c._isUTC?(e=c.clone(),f=(p(b)||d(b)?+b:+Aa(b))-+e,e._d.setTime(+e._d+f),a.updateOffset(e,!1),e):Aa(b).local()\}function Ja(a)\{return 15*-Math.round(a._d.getTimezoneOffset()/15)\}function Ka(b,c)\{var d,e=this._offset||0;return this.isValid()?null!=b?("string"==typeof b?b=Ha(md,b):Math.abs(b)<16&&(b=60*b),!this._isUTC&&c&&(d=Ja(this)),this._offset=b,this._isUTC=!0,null!=d&&this.add(d,"m"),e!==b&&(!c||this._changeInProgress?$a(this,Va(b-e,"m"),1,!1):this._changeInProgress||(this._changeInProgress=!0,a.updateOffset(this,!0),this._changeInProgress=null)),this):this._isUTC?e:Ja(this):null!=b?this:NaN\}function La(a,b)\{return null!=a?("string"!=typeof a&&(a=-a),this.utcOffset(a,b),this):-this.utcOffset()\}function Ma(a)\{return this.utcOffset(0,a)\}function Na(a)\{return this._isUTC&&(this.utcOffset(0,a),this._isUTC=!1,a&&this.subtract(Ja(this),"m")),this\}function Oa()\{return this._tzm?this.utcOffset(this._tzm):"string"==typeof this._i&&this.utcOffset(Ha(ld,this._i)),this\}function Pa(a)\{return this.isValid()?(a=a?Aa(a).utcOffset():0,(this.utcOffset()-a)%60===0):!1\}function Qa()\{return this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(0).utcOffset()||this.utcOffset()>this.clone().month(5).utcOffset()\}function Ra()\{if(!m(this._isDSTShifted))return this._isDSTShifted;var a=\{\};if(n(a,this),a=xa(a),a._a)\{var b=a._isUTC?h(a._a):Aa(a._a);this._isDSTShifted=this.isValid()&&s(a._a,b.toArray())>0\}else this._isDSTShifted=!1;return this._isDSTShifted\}function Sa()\{return this.isValid()?!this._isUTC:!1\}function Ta()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC:!1\}function Ua()\{return this.isValid()?this._isUTC&&0===this._offset:!1\}function Va(a,b)\{var c,d,e,g=a,h=null;return Fa(a)?g=\{ms:a._milliseconds,d:a._days,M:a._months\}:"number"==typeof a?(g=\{\},b?g[b]=a:g.milliseconds=a):(h=Pd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:0,d:r(h[td])*c,h:r(h[ud])*c,m:r(h[vd])*c,s:r(h[wd])*c,ms:r(h[xd])*c\}):(h=Qd.exec(a))?(c="-"===h[1]?-1:1,g=\{y:Wa(h[2],c),M:Wa(h[3],c),d:Wa(h[4],c),h:Wa(h[5],c),m:Wa(h[6],c),s:Wa(h[7],c),w:Wa(h[8],c)\}):null==g?g=\{\}:"object"==typeof g&&("from"in g||"to"in g)&&(e=Ya(Aa(g.from),Aa(g.to)),g=\{\},g.ms=e.milliseconds,g.M=e.months),d=new Ea(g),Fa(a)&&f(a,"_locale")&&(d._locale=a._locale),d\}function Wa(a,b)\{var c=a&&parseFloat(a.replace(",","."));return(isNaN(c)?0:c)*b\}function Xa(a,b)\{var c=\{milliseconds:0,months:0\};return c.months=b.month()-a.month()+12*(b.year()-a.year()),a.clone().add(c.months,"M").isAfter(b)&&--c.months,c.milliseconds=+b-+a.clone().add(c.months,"M"),c\}function Ya(a,b)\{var c;return a.isValid()&&b.isValid()?(b=Ia(b,a),a.isBefore(b)?c=Xa(a,b):(c=Xa(b,a),c.milliseconds=-c.milliseconds,c.months=-c.months),c):\{milliseconds:0,months:0\}\}function Za(a,b)\{return function(c,d)\{var e,f;return null===d||isNaN(+d)||(ca(b,"moment()."+b+"(period, number) is deprecated. Please use moment()."+b+"(number, period)."),f=c,c=d,d=f),c="string"==typeof c?+c:c,e=Va(c,d),$a(this,e,a),this\}\}function $a(b,c,d,e)\{var f=c._milliseconds,g=c._days,h=c._months;b.isValid()&&(e=null==e?!0:e,f&&b._d.setTime(+b._d+f*d),g&&G(b,"Date",F(b,"Date")+g*d),h&&Y(b,F(b,"Month")+h*d),e&&a.updateOffset(b,g||h))\}function _a(a,b)\{var c=a||Aa(),d=Ia(c,this).startOf("day"),e=this.diff(d,"days",!0),f=-6>e?"sameElse":-1>e?"lastWeek":0>e?"lastDay":1>e?"sameDay":2>e?"nextDay":7>e?"nextWeek":"sameElse",g=b&&(D(b[f])?b[f]():b[f]);return this.format(g||this.localeData().calendar(f,this,Aa(c)))\}function ab()\{return new o(this)\}function bb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+this>+c:+c<+this.clone().startOf(b)):!1\}function cb(a,b)\{var c=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&c.isValid()?(b=B(m(b)?"millisecond":b),"millisecond"===b?+c>+this:+this.clone().endOf(b)<+c):!1\}function db(a,b,c)\{return this.isAfter(a,c)&&this.isBefore(b,c)\}function eb(a,b)\{var c,d=p(a)?a:Aa(a);return this.isValid()&&d.isValid()?(b=B(b||"millisecond"),"millisecond"===b?+this===+d:(c=+d,+this.clone().startOf(b)<=c&&c<=+this.clone().endOf(b))):!1\}function fb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isAfter(a,b)\}function gb(a,b)\{return this.isSame(a,b)||this.isBefore(a,b)\}function hb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f,g;return this.isValid()?(d=Ia(a,this),d.isValid()?(e=6e4*(d.utcOffset()-this.utcOffset()),b=B(b),"year"===b||"month"===b||"quarter"===b?(g=ib(this,d),"quarter"===b?g/=3:"year"===b&&(g/=12)):(f=this-d,g="second"===b?f/1e3:"minute"===b?f/6e4:"hour"===b?f/36e5:"day"===b?(f-e)/864e5:"week"===b?(f-e)/6048e5:f),c?g:q(g)):NaN):NaN\}function ib(a,b)\{var c,d,e=12*(b.year()-a.year())+(b.month()-a.month()),f=a.clone().add(e,"months");return 0>b-f?(c=a.clone().add(e-1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(f-c)):(c=a.clone().add(e+1,"months"),d=(b-f)/(c-f)),-(e+d)\}function jb()\{return this.clone().locale("en").format("ddd MMM DD YYYY HH:mm:ss [GMT]ZZ")\}function kb()\{var a=this.clone().utc();return 0<a.year()&&a.year()<=9999?D(Date.prototype.toISOString)?this.toDate().toISOString():M(a,"YYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]"):M(a,"YYYYYY-MM-DD[T]HH:mm:ss.SSS[Z]")\}function lb(b)\{var c=M(this,b||a.defaultFormat);return this.localeData().postformat(c)\}function mb(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{to:this,from:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function nb(a)\{return this.from(Aa(),a)\}function ob(a,b)\{return this.isValid()&&(p(a)&&a.isValid()||Aa(a).isValid())?Va(\{from:this,to:a\}).locale(this.locale()).humanize(!b):this.localeData().invalidDate()\}function pb(a)\{return this.to(Aa(),a)\}function qb(a)\{var b;return void 0===a?this._locale._abbr:(b=z(a),null!=b&&(this._locale=b),this)\}function rb()\{return this._locale\}function sb(a)\{switch(a=B(a))\{case"year":this.month(0);case"quarter":case"month":this.date(1);case"week":case"isoWeek":case"day":this.hours(0);case"hour":this.minutes(0);case"minute":this.seconds(0);case"second":this.milliseconds(0)\}return"week"===a&&this.weekday(0),"isoWeek"===a&&this.isoWeekday(1),"quarter"===a&&this.month(3*Math.floor(this.month()/3)),this\}function tb(a)\{return a=B(a),void 0===a||"millisecond"===a?this:this.startOf(a).add(1,"isoWeek"===a?"week":a).subtract(1,"ms")\}function ub()\{return+this._d-6e4*(this._offset||0)\}function vb()\{return Math.floor(+this/1e3)\}function wb()\{return this._offset?new Date(+this):this._d\}function xb()\{var a=this;return[a.year(),a.month(),a.date(),a.hour(),a.minute(),a.second(),a.millisecond()]\}function yb()\{var a=this;return\{years:a.year(),months:a.month(),date:a.date(),hours:a.hours(),minutes:a.minutes(),seconds:a.seconds(),milliseconds:a.milliseconds()\}\}function zb()\{return this.isValid()?this.toISOString():"null"\}function Ab()\{return k(this)\}function Bb()\{return g(\{\},j(this))\}function Cb()\{return j(this).overflow\}function Db()\{return\{input:this._i,format:this._f,locale:this._locale,isUTC:this._isUTC,strict:this._strict\}\}function Eb(a,b)\{J(0,[a,a.length],0,b)\}function Fb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.week(),this.weekday(),this.localeData()._week.dow,this.localeData()._week.doy)\}function Gb(a)\{return Jb.call(this,a,this.isoWeek(),this.isoWeekday(),1,4)\}function Hb()\{return na(this.year(),1,4)\}function Ib()\{var a=this.localeData()._week;return na(this.year(),a.dow,a.doy)\}function Jb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f;return null==a?ma(this,d,e).year:(f=na(a,d,e),b>f&&(b=f),Kb.call(this,a,b,c,d,e))\}function Kb(a,b,c,d,e)\{var f=la(a,b,c,d,e),g=ga(f.year,0,f.dayOfYear);return this.year(g.getUTCFullYear()),this.month(g.getUTCMonth()),this.date(g.getUTCDate()),this\}function Lb(a)\{return null==a?Math.ceil((this.month()+1)/3):this.month(3*(a-1)+this.month()%3)\}function Mb(a)\{return ma(a,this._week.dow,this._week.doy).week\}function Nb()\{return this._week.dow\}function Ob()\{return this._week.doy\}function Pb(a)\{var b=this.localeData().week(this);return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Qb(a)\{var b=ma(this,1,4).week;return null==a?b:this.add(7*(a-b),"d")\}function Rb(a,b)\{return"string"!=typeof a?a:isNaN(a)?(a=b.weekdaysParse(a),"number"==typeof a?a:null):parseInt(a,10)\}function Sb(a,b)\{return c(this._weekdays)?this._weekdays[a.day()]:this._weekdays[this._weekdays.isFormat.test(b)?"format":"standalone"][a.day()]\}function Tb(a)\{return this._weekdaysShort[a.day()]\}function Ub(a)\{return this._weekdaysMin[a.day()]\}function Vb(a,b,c)\{var d,e,f;for(this._weekdaysParse||(this._weekdaysParse=[],this._minWeekdaysParse=[],this._shortWeekdaysParse=[],this._fullWeekdaysParse=[]),d=0;7>d;d++)\{if(e=Aa([2e3,1]).day(d),c&&!this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]&&(this._fullWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdays(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._shortWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i"),this._minWeekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp("^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,"").replace(".",".?")+"$","i")),this._weekdaysParse[d]||(f="^"+this.weekdays(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysShort(e,"")+"|^"+this.weekdaysMin(e,""),this._weekdaysParse[d]=new RegExp(f.replace(".",""),"i")),c&&"dddd"===b&&this._fullWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"ddd"===b&&this._shortWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(c&&"dd"===b&&this._minWeekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d;if(!c&&this._weekdaysParse[d].test(a))return d\}\}function Wb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=this._isUTC?this._d.getUTCDay():this._d.getDay();return null!=a?(a=Rb(a,this.localeData()),this.add(a-b,"d")):b\}function Xb(a)\{if(!this.isValid())return null!=a?this:NaN;var b=(this.day()+7-this.localeData()._week.dow)%7;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function Yb(a)\{return this.isValid()?null==a?this.day()||7:this.day(this.day()%7?a:a-7):null!=a?this:NaN\}function Zb(a)\{var b=Math.round((this.clone().startOf("day")-this.clone().startOf("year"))/864e5)+1;return null==a?b:this.add(a-b,"d")\}function $b()\{return this.hours()%12||12\}function _b(a,b)\{J(a,0,0,function()\{return this.localeData().meridiem(this.hours(),this.minutes(),b)\})\}function ac(a,b)\{return b._meridiemParse\}function bc(a)\{return"p"===(a+"").toLowerCase().charAt(0)\}function cc(a,b,c)\{return a>11?c?"pm":"PM":c?"am":"AM"\}function dc(a,b)\{b[xd]=r(1e3*("0."+a))\}function ec()\{return this._isUTC?"UTC":""\}function fc()\{return this._isUTC?"Coordinated Universal Time":""\}function gc(a)\{return Aa(1e3*a)\}function hc()\{return Aa.apply(null,arguments).parseZone()\}function ic(a,b,c)\{var d=this._calendar[a];return D(d)?d.call(b,c):d\}function jc(a)\{var b=this._longDateFormat[a],c=this._longDateFormat[a.toUpperCase()];return b||!c?b:(this._longDateFormat[a]=c.replace(/MMMM|MM|DD|dddd/g,function(a)\{return a.slice(1)\}),this._longDateFormat[a])\}function kc()\{return this._invalidDate\}function lc(a)\{return this._ordinal.replace("%d",a)\}function mc(a)\{return a\}function nc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=this._relativeTime[c];return D(e)?e(a,b,c,d):e.replace(/%d/i,a)\}function oc(a,b)\{var c=this._relativeTime[a>0?"future":"past"];return D(c)?c(b):c.replace(/%s/i,b)\}function pc(a)\{var b,c;for(c in a)b=a[c],D(b)?this[c]=b:this["_"+c]=b;this._ordinalParseLenient=new RegExp(this._ordinalParse.source+"|"+/\\d\{1,2\}/.source)\}function qc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=z(),f=h().set(d,b);return e[c](f,a)\}function rc(a,b,c,d,e)\{if("number"==typeof a&&(b=a,a=void 0),a=a||"",null!=b)return qc(a,b,c,e);var f,g=[];for(f=0;d>f;f++)g[f]=qc(a,f,c,e);return g\}function sc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"months",12,"month")\}function tc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"monthsShort",12,"month")\}function uc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdays",7,"day")\}function vc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysShort",7,"day")\}function wc(a,b)\{return rc(a,b,"weekdaysMin",7,"day")\}function xc()\{var a=this._data;return this._milliseconds=me(this._milliseconds),this._days=me(this._days),this._months=me(this._months),a.milliseconds=me(a.milliseconds),a.seconds=me(a.seconds),a.minutes=me(a.minutes),a.hours=me(a.hours),a.months=me(a.months),a.years=me(a.years),this\}function yc(a,b,c,d)\{var e=Va(b,c);return a._milliseconds+=d*e._milliseconds,a._days+=d*e._days,a._months+=d*e._months,a._bubble()\}function zc(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,1)\}function Ac(a,b)\{return yc(this,a,b,-1)\}function Bc(a)\{return 0>a?Math.floor(a):Math.ceil(a)\}function Cc()\{var a,b,c,d,e,f=this._milliseconds,g=this._days,h=this._months,i=this._data;return f>=0&&g>=0&&h>=0||0>=f&&0>=g&&0>=h||(f+=864e5*Bc(Ec(h)+g),g=0,h=0),i.milliseconds=f%1e3,a=q(f/1e3),i.seconds=a%60,b=q(a/60),i.minutes=b%60,c=q(b/60),i.hours=c%24,g+=q(c/24),e=q(Dc(g)),h+=e,g-=Bc(Ec(e)),d=q(h/12),h%=12,i.days=g,i.months=h,i.years=d,this\}function Dc(a)\{return 4800*a/146097\}function Ec(a)\{return 146097*a/4800\}function Fc(a)\{var b,c,d=this._milliseconds;if(a=B(a),"month"===a||"year"===a)return b=this._days+d/864e5,c=this._months+Dc(b),"month"===a?c:c/12;switch(b=this._days+Math.round(Ec(this._months)),a)\{case"week":return b/7+d/6048e5;case"day":return b+d/864e5;case"hour":return 24*b+d/36e5;case"minute":return 1440*b+d/6e4;case"second":return 86400*b+d/1e3;case"millisecond":return Math.floor(864e5*b)+d;default:throw new Error("Unknown unit "+a)\}\}function Gc()\{return this._milliseconds+864e5*this._days+this._months%12*2592e6+31536e6*r(this._months/12)\}function Hc(a)\{return function()\{return this.as(a)\}\}function Ic(a)\{return a=B(a),this[a+"s"]()\}function Jc(a)\{return function()\{return this._data[a]\}\}function Kc()\{return q(this.days()/7)\}function Lc(a,b,c,d,e)\{return e.relativeTime(b||1,!!c,a,d)\}function Mc(a,b,c)\{var d=Va(a).abs(),e=Ce(d.as("s")),f=Ce(d.as("m")),g=Ce(d.as("h")),h=Ce(d.as("d")),i=Ce(d.as("M")),j=Ce(d.as("y")),k=e<De.s&&["s",e]||1>=f&&["m"]||f<De.m&&["mm",f]||1>=g&&["h"]||g<De.h&&["hh",g]||1>=h&&["d"]||h<De.d&&["dd",h]||1>=i&&["M"]||i<De.M&&["MM",i]||1>=j&&["y"]||["yy",j];return k[2]=b,k[3]=+a>0,k[4]=c,Lc.apply(null,k)\}function Nc(a,b)\{return void 0===De[a]?!1:void 0===b?De[a]:(De[a]=b,!0)\}function Oc(a)\{var b=this.localeData(),c=Mc(this,!a,b);return a&&(c=b.pastFuture(+this,c)),b.postformat(c)\}function Pc()\{var a,b,c,d=Ee(this._milliseconds)/1e3,e=Ee(this._days),f=Ee(this._months);a=q(d/60),b=q(a/60),d%=60,a%=60,c=q(f/12),f%=12;var g=c,h=f,i=e,j=b,k=a,l=d,m=this.asSeconds();return m?(0>m?"-":"")+"P"+(g?g+"Y":"")+(h?h+"M":"")+(i?i+"D":"")+(j||k||l?"T":"")+(j?j+"H":"")+(k?k+"M":"")+(l?l+"S":""):"P0D"\}var Qc,Rc,Sc=a.momentProperties=[],Tc=!1,Uc=\{\},Vc=\{\},Wc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?M?M?|Do|DDDo|DD?D?D?|ddd?d?|do?|w[o|w]?|W[o|W]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|e|E|a|A|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|S\{1,9\}|x|X|zz?|ZZ?|.)/g,Xc=/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?L?L?|l\{1,4\})/g,Yc=\{\},Zc=\{\},$c=/\\d/,_c=/\\d\\d/,ad=/\\d\{3\}/,bd=/\\d\{4\}/,cd=/[+-]?\\d\{6\}/,dd=/\\d\\d?/,ed=/\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,fd=/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d?/,gd=/\\d\{1,3\}/,hd=/\\d\{1,4\}/,id=/[+-]?\\d\{1,6\}/,jd=/\\d+/,kd=/[+-]?\\d+/,ld=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\d\\d/gi,md=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/gi,nd=/[+-]?\\d+(\\.\\d\{1,3\})?/,od=/[0-9]*(a[mn]\\s?)?['a-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\s*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/i,pd=\{\},qd=\{\},rd=0,sd=1,td=2,ud=3,vd=4,wd=5,xd=6,yd=7,zd=8;J("M",["MM",2],"Mo",function()\{return this.month()+1\}),J("MMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().monthsShort(this,a)\}),J("MMMM",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().months(this,a)\}),A("month","M"),O("M",dd),O("MM",dd,_c),O("MMM",od),O("MMMM",od),R(["M","MM"],function(a,b)\{b[sd]=r(a)-1\}),R(["MMM","MMMM"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.monthsParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b[sd]=e:j(c).invalidMonth=a\});var Ad=/D[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\s+)+MMMM?/,Bd="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_"),Cd="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_"),Dd=\{\};a.suppressDeprecationWarnings=!1;var Ed=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})-(?:\\d\\d-\\d\\d|W\\d\\d-\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?::\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Fd=/^\\s*((?:[+-]\\d\{6\}|\\d\{4\})(?:\\d\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d\\d|W\\d\\d|\\d\\d\\d|\\d\\d))(?:(T| )(\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:\\d\\d(?:[.,]\\d+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?|\\s*Z)?)?/,Gd=/Z|[+-]\\d\\d(?::?\\d\\d)?/,Hd=[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d-\\d\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW-E",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d-\\d/],["GGGG-[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}-W\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\d\\d/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[W]WWE",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{3\}/],["GGGG[W]WW",/\\d\{4\}W\\d\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]],Id=[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\d+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]],Jd=/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v $c\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:$c}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function ${\b c} =/\\{\b d}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v _c\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:_c}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function _c =/\\{\b d\\d}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Ad\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Ad}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Ad =/{\b D}[oD]?(\\[[^\\[\\]]*\\]|\\{\b s}+)+MMMM?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v ad\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:ad}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function ad =/\\{\b d}\{3\}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Bd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Bd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Bd ="January_February_March_April_May_June_July_August_September_October_November_December".split("_")}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v bd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:bd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function bd =/\\{\b d}\{4\}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Cd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Cd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Cd ="Jan_Feb_Mar_Apr_May_Jun_Jul_Aug_Sept_Oct_Nov_Dec".split("_")}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v cd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:cd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function cd =/[+-]?\\{\b d}\{6\}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAID}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v dd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:dd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function dd =/\\{\b d\\d}?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Dd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Dd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Dd =\{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v ed\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:ed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function ed =/\\{\b d\\d\\d\\d}?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Ed\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Ed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Ed =/^\\{\b s}*((?:[+-]\\{\b d}\{6\}|\\{\b d}\{4\})-(?:\\{\b d\\d}-\\{\b d\\d}|{\b W\\d\\d}-\\{\b d}|{\b W\\d\\d}|\\{\b d\\d\\d}|\\{\b d\\d}))(?:({\b T}| )(\\{\b d\\d}(?::\\{\b d\\d}(?::\\{\b d\\d}(?:[.,]\\{\b d}+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\{\b d\\d}(?::?\\{\b d\\d})?|\\{\b s}*{\b Z})?)?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v fd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:fd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function fd =/\\{\b d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d}?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAII}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Fd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Fd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Fd =/^\\{\b s}*((?:[+-]\\{\b d}\{6\}|\\{\b d}\{4\})(?:\\{\b d\\d\\d\\d}|{\b W\\d\\d\\d}|{\b W\\d\\d}|\\{\b d\\d\\d}|\\{\b d\\d}))(?:({\b T}| )(\\{\b d\\d}(?:\\{\b d\\d}(?:\\{\b d\\d}(?:[.,]\\{\b d}+)?)?)?)([\\+\\-]\\{\b d\\d}(?::?\\{\b d\\d})?|\\{\b s}*{\b Z})?)?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v gd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:gd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function gd =/\\{\b d}\{1,3\}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Gd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Gd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Gd =/{\b Z}|[+-]\\{\b d\\d}(?::?\\{\b d\\d})?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v hd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:hd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function hd =/\\{\b d}\{1,4\}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Hd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Hd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Hd =[["YYYYYY-MM-DD",/[+-]\\d\{6\}-\\{\b d\\d}-\\{\b d\\d}/],["YYYY-MM-DD",/\\d\{4\}-\\{\b d\\d}-\\{\b d\\d}/],["GGGG-[{\b W}]WW-{\b E}",/\\d\{4\}-{\b W\\d\\d}-\\{\b d}/],["GGGG-[{\b W}]WW",/\\d\{4\}-{\b W\\d\\d}/,!1],["YYYY-DDD",/\\d\{4\}-\\{\b d}\{3\}/],["YYYY-MM",/\\d\{4\}-\\{\b d\\d}/,!1],["YYYYYYMMDD",/[+-]\\d\{10\}/],["YYYYMMDD",/\\d\{8\}/],["GGGG[{\b W}]WWE",/\\d\{4\}{\b W\\d}\{3\}/],["GGGG[{\b W}]WW",/\\d\{4\}{\b W\\d}\{2\}/,!1],["YYYYDDD",/\\d\{7\}/]]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v id\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:id}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function id =/[+-]?\\{\b d}\{1,6\}/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Id\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Id}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Id =[["HH:mm:ss.SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HH:mm:ss,SSSS",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d,\\{\b d}+/],["HH:mm:ss",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HH:mm",/\\d\\d:\\d\\d/],["HHmmss.SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\.\\d+/],["HHmmss,SSSS",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d,\\{\b d}+/],["HHmmss",/\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HHmm",/\\d\\d\\d\\d/],["HH",/\\d\\d/]]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Jd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Jd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var Jd}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid =/^\\/?Date\\((\\-?\\d+)/i;a.createFromInputFallback=ba("moment construction falls back to js Date. This is discouraged and will be removed in upcoming major release. Please refer to https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407 for more info.",function(a)\{a._d=new Date(a._i+(a._useUTC?" UTC":""))\}),J(0,["YY",2],0,function()\{return this.year()%100\}),J(0,["YYYY",4],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYY",5],0,"year"),J(0,["YYYYYY",6,!0],0,"year"),A("year","y"),O("Y",kd),O("YY",dd,_c),O("YYYY",hd,bd),O("YYYYY",id,cd),O("YYYYYY",id,cd),R(["YYYYY","YYYYYY"],rd),R("YYYY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=2===b.length?a.parseTwoDigitYear(b):r(b)\}),R("YY",function(b,c)\{c[rd]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),a.parseTwoDigitYear=function(a)\{return r(a)+(r(a)>68?1900:2e3)\};var Kd=E("FullYear",!1);a.ISO_8601=function()\{\};var Ld=ba("moment().min is deprecated, use moment.min instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?this>a?this:a:l()\}),Md=ba("moment().max is deprecated, use moment.max instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1548",function()\{var a=Aa.apply(null,arguments);return this.isValid()&&a.isValid()?a>this?this:a:l()\}),Nd=Date.now||function()\{return+new Date\};Ga("Z",":"),Ga("ZZ",""),O("Z",md),O("ZZ",md),R(["Z","ZZ"],function(a,b,c)\{c._useUTC=!0,c._tzm=Ha(md,a)\});var Od=/([\\+\\-]|\\d\\d)/gi;a.updateOffset=function()\{\};var Pd=/(\\-)?(?:(\\d*)[. ])?(\\d+)\\:(\\d+)(?:\\:(\\d+)\\.?(\\d\{3\})?)?/,Qd=/^(-)?P(?:(?:([0-9,.]*)Y)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)D)?(?:T(?:([0-9,.]*)H)?(?:([0-9,.]*)M)?(?:([0-9,.]*)S)?)?|([0-9,.]*)W)$/;Va.fn=Ea.prototype;var Rd=Za(1,"add"),Sd=Za(-1,"subtract");a.defaultFormat="YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ";var Td=ba("moment().lang() is deprecated. Instead, use moment().localeData() to get the language configuration. Use moment().locale() to change languages.",function(a)\{return void 0===a?this.localeData():this.locale(a)\});J(0,["gg",2],0,function()\{return this.weekYear()%100\}),J(0,["GG",2],0,function()\{return this.isoWeekYear()%100\}),Eb("gggg","weekYear"),Eb("ggggg","weekYear"),Eb("GGGG","isoWeekYear"),Eb("GGGGG","isoWeekYear"),A("weekYear","gg"),A("isoWeekYear","GG"),O("G",kd),O("g",kd),O("GG",dd,_c),O("gg",dd,_c),O("GGGG",hd,bd),O("gggg",hd,bd),O("GGGGG",id,cd),O("ggggg",id,cd),S(["gggg","ggggg","GGGG","GGGGG"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,2)]=r(a)\}),S(["gg","GG"],function(b,c,d,e)\{c[e]=a.parseTwoDigitYear(b)\}),J("Q",0,"Qo","quarter"),A("quarter","Q"),O("Q",$c),R("Q",function(a,b)\{b[sd]=3*(r(a)-1)\}),J("w",["ww",2],"wo","week"),J("W",["WW",2],"Wo","isoWeek"),A("week","w"),A("isoWeek","W"),O("w",dd),O("ww",dd,_c),O("W",dd),O("WW",dd,_c),S(["w","ww","W","WW"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d.substr(0,1)]=r(a)\});var Ud=\{dow:0,doy:6\};J("D",["DD",2],"Do","date"),A("date","D"),O("D",dd),O("DD",dd,_c),O("Do",function(a,b)\{\par
return a?b._ordinalParse:b._ordinalParseLenient\}),R(["D","DD"],td),R("Do",function(a,b)\{b[td]=r(a.match(dd)[0],10)\});var Vd=E("Date",!0);J("d",0,"do","day"),J("dd",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().weekdaysMin(this,a)\}),J("ddd",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().weekdaysShort(this,a)\}),J("dddd",0,0,function(a)\{return this.localeData().weekdays(this,a)\}),J("e",0,0,"weekday"),J("E",0,0,"isoWeekday"),A("day","d"),A("weekday","e"),A("isoWeekday","E"),O("d",dd),O("e",dd),O("E",dd),O("dd",od),O("ddd",od),O("dddd",od),S(["dd","ddd","dddd"],function(a,b,c,d)\{var e=c._locale.weekdaysParse(a,d,c._strict);null!=e?b.d=e:j(c).invalidWeekday=a\}),S(["d","e","E"],function(a,b,c,d)\{b[d]=r(a)\});var Wd="Sunday_Monday_Tuesday_Wednesday_Thursday_Friday_Saturday".split("_"),Xd="Sun_Mon_Tue_Wed_Thu_Fri_Sat".split("_"),Yd="Su_Mo_Tu_We_Th_Fr_Sa".split("_");J("DDD",["DDDD",3],"DDDo","dayOfYear"),A("dayOfYear","DDD"),O("DDD",gd),O("DDDD",ad),R(["DDD","DDDD"],function(a,b,c)\{c._dayOfYear=r(a)\}),J("H",["HH",2],0,"hour"),J("h",["hh",2],0,$b),J("hmm",0,0,function()\{return""+$b.apply(this)+I(this.minutes(),2)\}),J("hmmss",0,0,function()\{return""+$b.apply(this)+I(this.minutes(),2)+I(this.seconds(),2)\}),J("Hmm",0,0,function()\{return""+this.hours()+I(this.minutes(),2)\}),J("Hmmss",0,0,function()\{return""+this.hours()+I(this.minutes(),2)+I(this.seconds(),2)\}),_b("a",!0),_b("A",!1),A("hour","h"),O("a",ac),O("A",ac),O("H",dd),O("h",dd),O("HH",dd,_c),O("hh",dd,_c),O("hmm",ed),O("hmmss",fd),O("Hmm",ed),O("Hmmss",fd),R(["H","HH"],ud),R(["a","A"],function(a,b,c)\{c._isPm=c._locale.isPM(a),c._meridiem=a\}),R(["h","hh"],function(a,b,c)\{b[ud]=r(a),j(c).bigHour=!0\}),R("hmm",function(a,b,c)\{var d=a.length-2;b[ud]=r(a.substr(0,d)),b[vd]=r(a.substr(d)),j(c).bigHour=!0\}),R("hmmss",function(a,b,c)\{var d=a.length-4,e=a.length-2;b[ud]=r(a.substr(0,d)),b[vd]=r(a.substr(d,2)),b[wd]=r(a.substr(e)),j(c).bigHour=!0\}),R("Hmm",function(a,b,c)\{var d=a.length-2;b[ud]=r(a.substr(0,d)),b[vd]=r(a.substr(d))\}),R("Hmmss",function(a,b,c)\{var d=a.length-4,e=a.length-2;b[ud]=r(a.substr(0,d)),b[vd]=r(a.substr(d,2)),b[wd]=r(a.substr(e))\});var Zd=/[ap]\\.?m?\\.?/i,$d=E("Hours",!0);J("m",["mm",2],0,"minute"),A("minute","m"),O("m",dd),O("mm",dd,_c),R(["m","mm"],vd);var _d=E("Minutes",!1);J("s",["ss",2],0,"second"),A("second","s"),O("s",dd),O("ss",dd,_c),R(["s","ss"],wd);var ae=E("Seconds",!1);J("S",0,0,function()\{return~~(this.millisecond()/100)\}),J(0,["SS",2],0,function()\{return~~(this.millisecond()/10)\}),J(0,["SSS",3],0,"millisecond"),J(0,["SSSS",4],0,function()\{return 10*this.millisecond()\}),J(0,["SSSSS",5],0,function()\{return 100*this.millisecond()\}),J(0,["SSSSSS",6],0,function()\{return 1e3*this.millisecond()\}),J(0,["SSSSSSS",7],0,function()\{return 1e4*this.millisecond()\}),J(0,["SSSSSSSS",8],0,function()\{return 1e5*this.millisecond()\}),J(0,["SSSSSSSSS",9],0,function()\{return 1e6*this.millisecond()\}),A("millisecond","ms"),O("S",gd,$c),O("SS",gd,_c),O("SSS",gd,ad);var be;for(be="SSSS";be.length<=9;be+="S")O(be,jd);for(be="S";be.length<=9;be+="S")R(be,dc);var ce=E("Milliseconds",!1);J("z",0,0,"zoneAbbr"),J("zz",0,0,"zoneName");var de=o.prototype;de.add=Rd,de.calendar=_a,de.clone=ab,de.diff=hb,de.endOf=tb,de.format=lb,de.from=mb,de.fromNow=nb,de.to=ob,de.toNow=pb,de.get=H,de.invalidAt=Cb,de.isAfter=bb,de.isBefore=cb,de.isBetween=db,de.isSame=eb,de.isSameOrAfter=fb,de.isSameOrBefore=gb,de.isValid=Ab,de.lang=Td,de.locale=qb,de.localeData=rb,de.max=Md,de.min=Ld,de.parsingFlags=Bb,de.set=H,de.startOf=sb,de.subtract=Sd,de.toArray=xb,de.toObject=yb,de.toDate=wb,de.toISOString=kb,de.toJSON=zb,de.toString=jb,de.unix=vb,de.valueOf=ub,de.creationData=Db,de.year=Kd,de.isLeapYear=ja,de.weekYear=Fb,de.isoWeekYear=Gb,de.quarter=de.quarters=Lb,de.month=Z,de.daysInMonth=$,de.week=de.weeks=Pb,de.isoWeek=de.isoWeeks=Qb,de.weeksInYear=Ib,de.isoWeeksInYear=Hb,de.date=Vd,de.day=de.days=Wb,de.weekday=Xb,de.isoWeekday=Yb,de.dayOfYear=Zb,de.hour=de.hours=$d,de.minute=de.minutes=_d,de.second=de.seconds=ae,de.millisecond=de.milliseconds=ce,de.utcOffset=Ka,de.utc=Ma,de.local=Na,de.parseZone=Oa,de.hasAlignedHourOffset=Pa,de.isDST=Qa,de.isDSTShifted=Ra,de.isLocal=Sa,de.isUtcOffset=Ta,de.isUtc=Ua,de.isUTC=Ua,de.zoneAbbr=ec,de.zoneName=fc,de.dates=ba("dates accessor is deprecated. Use date instead.",Vd),de.months=ba("months accessor is deprecated. Use month instead",Z),de.years=ba("years accessor is deprecated. Use year instead",Kd),de.zone=ba("moment().zone is deprecated, use moment().utcOffset instead. https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1779",La);var ee=de,fe=\{sameDay:"[Today at] LT",nextDay:"[Tomorrow at] LT",nextWeek:"dddd [at] LT",lastDay:"[Yesterday at] LT",lastWeek:"[Last] dddd [at] LT",sameElse:"L"\},ge=\{LTS:"h:mm:ss A",LT:"h:mm A",L:"MM/DD/YYYY",LL:"MMMM D, YYYY",LLL:"MMMM D, YYYY h:mm A",LLLL:"dddd, MMMM D, YYYY h:mm A"\},he="Invalid date",ie="%d",je=/\\d\{1,2\}/,ke=\{future:"in %s",past:"%s ago",s:"a few seconds",m:"a minute",mm:"%d minutes",h:"an hour",hh:"%d hours",d:"a day",dd:"%d days",M:"a month",MM:"%d months",y:"a year",yy:"%d years"\},le=t.prototype;le._calendar=fe,le.calendar=ic,le._longDateFormat=ge,le.longDateFormat=jc,le._invalidDate=he,le.invalidDate=kc,le._ordinal=ie,le.ordinal=lc,le._ordinalParse=je,le.preparse=mc,le.postformat=mc,le._relativeTime=ke,le.relativeTime=nc,le.pastFuture=oc,le.set=pc,le.months=V,le._months=Bd,le.monthsShort=W,le._monthsShort=Cd,le.monthsParse=X,le.week=Mb,le._week=Ud,le.firstDayOfYear=Ob,le.firstDayOfWeek=Nb,le.weekdays=Sb,le._weekdays=Wd,le.weekdaysMin=Ub,le._weekdaysMin=Yd,le.weekdaysShort=Tb,le._weekdaysShort=Xd,le.weekdaysParse=Vb,le.isPM=bc,le._meridiemParse=Zd,le.meridiem=cc,x("en",\{monthsParse:[/^jan/i,/^feb/i,/^mar/i,/^apr/i,/^may/i,/^jun/i,/^jul/i,/^aug/i,/^sep/i,/^oct/i,/^nov/i,/^dec/i],longMonthsParse:[/^january$/i,/^february$/i,/^march$/i,/^april$/i,/^may$/i,/^june$/i,/^july$/i,/^august$/i,/^september$/i,/^october$/i,/^november$/i,/^december$/i],shortMonthsParse:[/^jan$/i,/^feb$/i,/^mar$/i,/^apr$/i,/^may$/i,/^jun$/i,/^jul$/i,/^aug/i,/^sept?$/i,/^oct$/i,/^nov$/i,/^dec$/i],ordinalParse:/\\d\{1,2\}(th|st|nd|rd)/,ordinal:function(a)\{var b=a%10,c=1===r(a%100/10)?"th":1===b?"st":2===b?"nd":3===b?"rd":"th";return a+c\}\}),a.lang=ba("moment.lang is deprecated. Use moment.locale instead.",x),a.langData=ba("moment.langData is deprecated. Use moment.localeData instead.",z);var me=Math.abs,ne=Hc("ms"),oe=Hc("s"),pe=Hc("m"),qe=Hc("h"),re=Hc("d"),se=Hc("w"),te=Hc("M"),ue=Hc("y"),ve=Jc("milliseconds"),we=Jc("seconds"),xe=Jc("minutes"),ye=Jc("hours"),ze=Jc("days"),Ae=Jc("months"),Be=Jc("years"),Ce=Math.round,De=\{s:45,m:45,h:22,d:26,M:11\},Ee=Math.abs,Fe=Ea.prototype;Fe.abs=xc,Fe.add=zc,Fe.subtract=Ac,Fe.as=Fc,Fe.asMilliseconds=ne,Fe.asSeconds=oe,Fe.asMinutes=pe,Fe.asHours=qe,Fe.asDays=re,Fe.asWeeks=se,Fe.asMonths=te,Fe.asYears=ue,Fe.valueOf=Gc,Fe._bubble=Cc,Fe.get=Ic,Fe.milliseconds=ve,Fe.seconds=we,Fe.minutes=xe,Fe.hours=ye,Fe.days=ze,Fe.weeks=Kc,Fe.months=Ae,Fe.years=Be,Fe.humanize=Oc,Fe.toISOString=Pc,Fe.toString=Pc,Fe.toJSON=Pc,Fe.locale=qb,Fe.localeData=rb,Fe.toIsoString=ba("toIsoString() is deprecated. Please use toISOString() instead (notice the capitals)",Pc),Fe.lang=Td,J("X",0,0,"unix"),J("x",0,0,"valueOf"),O("x",kd),O("X",nd),R("X",function(a,b,c)\{c._d=new Date(1e3*parseFloat(a,10))\}),R("x",function(a,b,c)\{c._d=new Date(r(a))\}),a.version="2.11.0",b(Aa),a.fn=ee,a.min=Ca,a.max=Da,a.now=Nd,a.utc=h,a.unix=gc,a.months=sc,a.isDate=d,a.locale=x,a.invalid=l,a.duration=Va,a.isMoment=p,a.weekdays=uc,a.parseZone=hc,a.localeData=z,a.isDuration=Fa,a.monthsShort=tc,a.weekdaysMin=wc,a.defineLocale=y,a.weekdaysShort=vc,a.normalizeUnits=B,a.relativeTimeThreshold=Nc,a.prototype=ee;var Ge=a;return Ge\})\par
}
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v jd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:jd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function jd =/\\{\b d}+/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v kd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:kd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function kd =/[+-]?\\{\b d}+/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v ld\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:ld}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function ld =/{\b Z}|[+-]\\d\\d:?\\{\b d\\d}/gi}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v md\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:md}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function md =/{\b Z}|[+-]\\{\b d\\d}(?::?\\{\b d\\d})?/gi}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v nd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:nd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function nd =/[+-]?\\{\b d}+(\\.\\{\b d}\{1,3\})?/}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v od\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:od}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function od =/[0-9]*({\b a}[mn]\\{\b s}?)?['{\b a}-z\\u00A0-\\u05FF\\u0700-\\uD7FF\\uF900-\\uFDCF\\uFDF0-\\uFFEF\\-]+|[\\u0600-\\u06FF\\/]+(\\{\b s}*?[\\u0600-\\u06FF]+)\{1,2\}/{\b i}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v pd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:pd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function pd =\{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v qd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:qd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function qd =\{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Rc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Rc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Rc}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v rd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:rd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function rd =0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Sc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Sc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Sc =a.momentProperties=[]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v sd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:sd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function sd =1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v suppressDeprecationWarnings\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:suppressDeprecationWarnings}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b a} suppressDeprecationWarnings =!1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Tc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Tc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Tc =!1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v td\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:td}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function td =2}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v this\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:this}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
this}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Uc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Uc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Uc =\{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v ud\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:ud}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function ud =3}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Vc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Vc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Vc =\{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v vd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:vd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function vd =4}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Wc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Wc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Wc =/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?([Hh]mm(ss)?|Mo|MM?{\b M}?{\b M}?|Do|DDDo|DD?{\b D}?{\b D}?|ddd?{\b d}?|do?|{\b w}[{\b o}|{\b w}]?|{\b W}[{\b o}|{\b W}]?|Qo?|YYYYYY|YYYYY|YYYY|YY|gg(ggg?)?|GG(GGG?)?|{\b e}|{\b E}|{\b a}|{\b A}|hh?|HH?|mm?|ss?|{\b S}\{1,9\}|{\b x}|{\b X}|zz?|ZZ?|.)/{\b g}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v wd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:wd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function wd =5}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Xc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Xc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Xc =/(\\[[^\\[]*\\])|(\\\\)?(LTS|LT|LL?{\b L}?{\b L}?|{\b l}\{1,4\})/{\b g}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v xd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:xd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function xd =6}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Yc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Yc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Yc =\{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v yd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:yd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function yd =7}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v Zc\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:Zc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Zc =\{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v zd\:moment.min.js}
{\xe \v moment.min.js\:zd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function zd =8}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 6 of file moment.min.js.}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
/Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ripples.js File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ripples.js}
{\xe \v /Users/plato2000/Developer/trackit/static/js/ripples.js}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJT}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Ripples\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:Ripples}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function Ripples (  {\i element},   {\i options})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create the main plugin function \par
}{
Definition at line 29 of file ripples.js.}\par
{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid    29                                      \{\par
   30     self = this;\par
   31 \par
   32     this.element = $(element);\par
   33 \par
   34     this.options = $.extend(\{\}, defaults, options);\par
   35 \par
   36     this._defaults = defaults;\par
   37     this._name = ripples;\par
   38 \par
   39     this.init();\par
   40   \}\par
}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Variable Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v defaults\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:defaults}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var defaults = \{\}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Define the defaults of the plugin \par
}{
Definition at line 23 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v document\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:document}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
document}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 4 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v getNewSize\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:getNewSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype getNewSize}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function($element, $ripple) \{\par
\par
    return (Math.max($element.outerWidth(), $element.outerHeight()) / $ripple.outerWidth()) * 2.5;\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the new size based on the element height/width and the ripple width \par
}{
Definition at line 152 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v getRelX\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:getRelX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype getRelX}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function($wrapper,  event) \{\par
    var wrapperOffset = $wrapper.offset();\par
\par
    if(!self.isTouch()) \{\par
      \par
      return event.pageX - wrapperOffset.left;\par
    \} else \{\par
      \par
      event = event.originalEvent;\par
\par
      if(event.touches.length === 1) \{\par
        return event.touches[0].pageX - wrapperOffset.left;\par
      \}\par
\par
      return false;\par
    \}\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the relX \par
}{
Definition at line 161 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v getRelY\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:getRelY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype getRelY}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function($wrapper, event) \{\par
    var wrapperOffset = $wrapper.offset();\par
\par
    if(!self.isTouch()) \{\par
      \par
      return event.pageY - wrapperOffset.top;\par
    \} else \{\par
      \par
      event = event.originalEvent;\par
\par
      if(event.touches.length === 1) \{\par
        return event.touches[0].pageY - wrapperOffset.top;\par
      \}\par
\par
      return false;\par
    \}\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the relY \par
}{
Definition at line 188 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v getRipplesColor\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:getRipplesColor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype getRipplesColor}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function($element) \{\par
\par
    var color = $element.data("ripple-color") ? $element.data("ripple-color") : window.getComputedStyle($element[0]).color;\par
\par
    return color;\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the ripple color \par
}{
Definition at line 215 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v hasTransitionSupport\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:hasTransitionSupport}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype hasTransitionSupport}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function() \{\par
    var thisBody  = document.body || document.documentElement;\par
    var thisStyle = thisBody.style;\par
\par
    var support = (\par
      thisStyle.transition !== undefined ||\par
      thisStyle.WebkitTransition !== undefined ||\par
      thisStyle.MozTransition !== undefined ||\par
      thisStyle.MsTransition !== undefined ||\par
      thisStyle.OTransition !== undefined\par
    );\par
\par
    return support;\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verify if the client browser has transistion support \par
}{
Definition at line 226 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v init\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype init}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the plugin \par
}{
Definition at line 46 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v isTouch\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:isTouch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype isTouch}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function() \{\par
    return /Android|webOS|iPhone|iPad|iPod|BlackBerry|IEMobile|Opera Mini/i.test(navigator.userAgent);\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verify if the client is using a mobile device \par
}{
Definition at line 245 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v jQuery\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:jQuery}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
jQuery}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 324 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v rippleEnd\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:rippleEnd}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype rippleEnd}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function($ripple) \{\par
    $ripple.data("animating", "off");\par
\par
    if($ripple.data("mousedown") === "off") \{\par
      self.rippleOut($ripple);\par
    \}\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
End the animation of the ripple \par
}{
Definition at line 253 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v rippleOn\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:rippleOn}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype rippleOn}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function($element, $ripple) \{\par
    var size = self.getNewSize($element, $ripple);\par
\par
    if(self.hasTransitionSupport()) \{\par
      $ripple\par
      .css(\{\par
        "-ms-transform": "scale(" + size + ")",\par
        "-moz-transform": "scale(" + size + ")",\par
        "-webkit-transform": "scale(" + size + ")",\par
        "transform": "scale(" + size + ")"\par
      \})\par
      .addClass("ripple-on")\par
      .data("animating", "on")\par
      .data("mousedown", "on");\par
    \} else \{\par
      $ripple.animate(\{\par
        "width": Math.max($element.outerWidth(), $element.outerHeight()) * 2,\par
        "height": Math.max($element.outerWidth(), $element.outerHeight()) * 2,\par
        "margin-left": Math.max($element.outerWidth(), $element.outerHeight()) * (-1),\par
        "margin-top": Math.max($element.outerWidth(), $element.outerHeight()) * (-1),\par
        "opacity": 0.2\par
      \}, 500, function() \{\par
        $ripple.trigger("transitionend");\par
      \});\par
    \}\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Turn on the ripple effect \par
}{
Definition at line 285 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v rippleOut\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:rippleOut}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b Ripples} prototype rippleOut}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid = function($ripple) \{\par
    $ripple.off();\par
\par
    if(self.hasTransitionSupport()) \{\par
      $ripple.addClass("ripple-out");\par
    \} else \{\par
      $ripple.animate(\{"opacity": 0\}, 100, function() \{\par
        $ripple.trigger("transitionend");\par
      \});\par
    \}\par
\par
    $ripple.on("transitionend webkitTransitionEnd oTransitionEnd MSTransitionEnd", function() \{\par
      $ripple.remove();\par
    \});\par
  \}\par
}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Turn off the ripple effect \par
}{
Definition at line 265 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v ripples\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:ripples}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b fn} ripples = "ripples"}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Define the name of the plugin\par
Create the jquery plugin function \par
}{
Definition at line 11 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v self\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:self}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
var self = null}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get an instance of the plugin \par
}{
Definition at line 17 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v undefined\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:undefined}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
function undefined}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Initial value:}{
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \{\par
\par
  "use strict"\par
}
{
Definition at line 4 of file ripples.js.}\par
}
{\xe \v window\:ripples.js}
{\xe \v ripples.js\:window}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
window}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Definition at line 4 of file ripples.js.}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}